Positive: 1723
Negative: 3048
Neutral: 4109
neutral: text

neutral: "Walls do work. Why else do we build them? Just the other day I built a barricade to keep my dog in the living room. Guess what

neutral: Angel Roy you're dog wasn't a captured engineer that can build tunells 60 feet under ground???

neutral: Amate la vostra Patria perche' se lascerete entrare i Gog e Magog dal Sud America la vostra comicita' si trasforma in dolore. W Mister Trump il Patriota.

negative: "Sue Howie no it was about 4 foot tall and my dog gave up. Not all dogs would give up but he did and if the wall stops one criminal

negative: Angel Roy did Mexico pay for it?

neutral: None of you will change my mind. Trump 2020

neutral: Angel Roy walls are built to keep people/animals inside.

neutral: Hello here

neutral: Robert you're smart.

neutral: Jeremy Harbolt  https://www.facebook.com/dave.reiser.9/videos/10213329614251019/

neutral: Dummycrats only think the rich deserve walls

neutral: Angel Roy Was it 6 ft tall..

neutral: Comparing people to dogs... seriously?

neutral: Jeremy Harbolt dont lock ur doors then....

negative: Angel Roy and guess what?Have built walls to keep bulls from breeding  other people's cattle!!!Broke down walls..... can't stop an animal n heat .😂😂😂

neutral: Jeremy Harbolt  And how many are you inviting to bunk up with you when they flood in by the millions

neutral: Jeremy Harbolt how dogist!

neutral: Jeanie Railsback then they will be slaughtered!

neutral: If walls didnt work then why do people keep building them?  Why do people build fences if they dont work? Do you live in a home? with 4 walls? I dont want my kids growing up in a world where they have to build walls around their hearts all because we couldnt build a wall on OUR border.

neutral: Jeanie Railsback ever thought your building skills are less than par.

negative: An illegal immigrant killed my 24 year old brother about a mile from his home. My brother was test driving a motorcycle and the illegal immigrant pulled out in front of him(the man was driving unlicensed and illegally) then left my brother to die on the side of the road. So I support the wall 100%!!

neutral: Brandon Turner it won't  bring her brother back but it will save someone else's brother. BUILD THE WALL

neutral: Por pendejo tu hermano

neutral: "Wendi DelValle sounds like guns in the wrong hands is the issue

neutral: How many kids  and people where killed by Americans how many illegals ran up in schools or churches or shopping malls compared to these Americans lol

neutral: "Lisa Vocelka omg

negative: How many children have been killed by Americans?

neutral: "Wendi DelValle if a white guy would’ve done the same thing

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky if there ever will be another democratic president. All the reasons you just mentioned are reasons why there shouldn't ever be one again.

negative: Wendi DelValle sorry for your loss

negative: Wendi DelValle so sorry about your brother 😢

neutral: A wall won't bring your relative back. It will just waste your tax dollars.

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky why wouldn't a wall work??? i want to hear your thought

neutral: ^^^ but a wall will keep us safe from illegals

neutral: Brandon Turner the wall is another tool we need and want. Would you rather us on the border shoot the trespassers?

negative: "So sorry for your loss. These idiots who turn their heads and pretend not to hear or see what is going on because see they haven't had a loved one killed by an illegal are fooling themselves if they think they are going to remain safe if this situation isnt dealt with. I stand with our president

neutral: Yes. There are a lot of hateful trolls.  I’d personally go build that wall especially if it would save lives

negative: We need a Class Action Lawsuit to stop this invasion and forcing us to pay for it.

negative: "Wendi DelValle   Sorry for your loss. Unfortunately Donald Trump's boondoggle of a wall would not have helped.  Let him open Pandora's Box. Remember

negative: "Lisa Vocelka No you libtard you need to build that wall and evivt the illegals

negative: "Hal Eric Mitlitsky you're a moron! If it stops just one

negative: Shut your lying ass up.

neutral: "Kay Mike White LIBERAL males you mean

negative: Johntavious Williams well it wasn't! So why create a fake narrative! Troll!

negative: Wendi DelValle  so sorry for your loss! The people’s president has your back he WILL build the wall!!

negative: Wendi DelValle liar.

negative: Wendi Devalle i am sorry for your loss and i totally agree with you and don't listen to haters

negative: Wendi DelValle Umm I’m not trying to be a dick but what if it was someone else? Would you want a wall then?

negative: Wendi DelValle Im so sorry for your loss. Lets hope this wall gets built. Maybe it should be engraved with the names of all the lives that have been lost because we didn’t have it.

negative: "I'm sorry for your loss. But then

negative: As a UK tax payer I'd much rather we gift you 5 billion for the wall as opposed to giving the EU 39 billion a year to destroy my culture.

negative: "OK Stop sending 39 billion dollars to EU!!! I second that for any reason!!! You By Wall!! We Stop Payment to EU

neutral: "Skip Rowland guessing you don't have to live around meth toting Mexicans. instead all you retards are making it about race. try visiting one of the cities or counties that have been infested by methicans(aka drug mules) like my area. all you can see is addicts

negative: Carl Ostendarp guns again are not the problem people kill people not guns snowflake

negative: Carl Ostendarpnot asylum illegal immigrants lying to get asylum status deportation is the only solution

neutral: Lloyd Blackband London England

neutral: James McFarlane You can certainly have him. Any respect I might have had for him vanished the day he referred to Hispanics as murders and rapists. As if we in the US have only law abiding citizens.

neutral: "Srinivas Ch if Trump will win all he doing 

neutral: Danny Jones AMEN

neutral: "Everybody cares about his or her own self

neutral: Danny Jones I'll happily second that!!!! 😀😀

neutral: By the way #WhatCulture?

neutral: Robert Cee yeah I do. He actually does what he says!  Oh and where's your impeachment for Russian collusion?  LoL epic fucktardedness

neutral: #NationalEmergency = #ThreedaysGolf @ #Mar- #a - #largo .

neutral: "How about gifting that £5bn to the NHS

neutral: Danny Jones we need our own Donald Trump! He’s the greatest President of all time

negative: Iain McGuire if your referring to Churchill that’s obvious I was referring to a man like him smart ass

neutral: Donald trump is a President with  good heart and his is working to put things in place

neutral: "Yeah

neutral: "Raphael Pulman  This is very insightful about the European Union (EU) government.  """""" Dear Mr. Temple

neutral: So Veronica where exactly did this happen ?

neutral: Danny Jones-thank you for your faith and support for President Trump and our country. Hope things will get better for your country.

negative: "Danny Jones no   no fighting pray God is a possible God 

neutral: Carl Ostendarp GO LIVE THERE- - THEN YOU WILL KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT

negative: Danny Jones  The £39 billion is the divorce bill that we HAVE to pay to the EU.muppet!

neutral: Carl Ostendarp where are you 300 or more a day

negative: Hahahahaha!! What did the EU stop you from doing then? #PoorOldBiffer #WheresTommeh :p

neutral: Ok ppl are getting paranoid here

neutral: Danny Jones with you Danny...🇬🇧 #pleasegiveusastrongleaderlikeTrump

neutral: "Robert Cee you're an idiot if you think you ""don't need"" Amazon.  How do you think you're going to afford The Green New Deal?  YOU CAN'T!  You progs are delusional socialist douches who like to confiscate OTHER PEOPLE'S wealth and use it how YOU see fit

neutral: As a people you have to rise up and take your country back. Or it will never be the country you once knew. Stay strong...

neutral: Danny Jones 30 years ago I visited your country I was expecting to see a quaint London  instead was barraged by Muslims who surrounded my table as soon as I pulled out my American passport to show a French girl who wanted to see it. At that point I had to pretend I was Mexican and spoke all Spanish. This was 30 YEARS ago. I can't imagine what it's like now.

neutral: "Liz fisher

negative: "BC:  You live off liberal’s taxes and we produce most of the nation’s GDP. You upstate losers live off the taxes we pay. You literally sit there living off government aid you welfare queen. You are a human remora (I will wait for you to look it up

neutral: https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/opinion/trump-offers-socialism-for-the-rich-capitalism-for-everyone-else/ar-BBTr9Ux

negative: Veronica:  You are a liar. You have never been to London and that didn’t happen.

neutral: "And you support Trump BC

neutral: "Kevin smith

negative: The One'n'Only Mr. Fake News manufactures a Fake Crisis that he tries to sell it to us with nothing but Lies and Fake News Alternative Facts!!!

negative: Admittedly May is a nightmare but Europe is finished we are the first to leave but not the last

negative: Danny Jones so sorry for you guys

negative: Danny Jones. Yes sir. I don’t like say it. Now all Europe countries are invasion by millions of millions migrants every year. 99% are Muslim. Welfare. Medical. Housing. School. You taxpayers pay for them because Europe socialism give freebies to destroy culture. Look at German. French. Paris. Italy. Sweden. Spain. So many Europe countries are destroying by millions of millions migrants each year in Europe.

negative: "If an emergency can be manufactured over border security when illegal border crossings are near a 20-year low… then it’s a snap to make the case for an emergency over gun deaths

neutral: Silvia Serra Lobo But you don’t need any facts apparently!  Cough up your supposed facts to disprove what he said libtard!

neutral: "Carl Ostendarp On the guns there is a minor stumbling block for fools like you - it’s called THE CONSTITUTION!  I hope you know what that is! And your thought isn’t new

neutral: "BC:  Nope

negative: Apple Rivera  GB was stable before joining the EU? You really are ignorant of fact. Unbelievable. Why comment on something you clearly have no knowledge of - you just make yourself look incredibly stupid.

neutral: "Just saw what Apple said 

neutral: "Danny Jones  Quote Great British culture. I'm a Brit. The EU hate us. End of. So I'd rather we gave the USA 5 billion as a gift for the wall rather than give 39 billion a year to the EU ...  You haven’t really answered any questions - just added more illiterate drivel.  What is your view of the ‘great British culture’ and how has EU membership eroded it?  Do answer with specifics if you can. Why do you think the EU hate us? They certainly don’t want us to leave but they’re not going to compromise their membership tenets to suit the U.K. - we already have a good deal. How would gifting £5billion to the US benefit the U.K. as much as membership to the EU has?  I doubt you’ll be able or willing to answer any of the above - just like Trump supporters

negative: Ayse Boykin  .... YOU pay taxes?

neutral: "Elena Pate   You state stay strong and the UK will prosper.  Interesting comment Elana - clearly you know something about international trade and economics that has eluded everyone else. Care to share? How will the U.K. prosper outside of the worlds largest trading bloc?   I’m really interested in your reply.  ‘The EU is the world's biggest exporter of manufactured goods and services

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/253645602134/photos/a.10151302476197135/10156145259487135/?type=3&eid=ARDtN5ntbj1kAE-0fEFaId-sECcZvdmcTXMJe7N6uZh9NeOhgy4lvi1FhOk_revDACjiFBZnahXyGcDb&__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARACdhoLwIRC94C5EXMLW1hhKMbsctXrBaFJSGcniDzw6XqEcZcFwImBv3pThp7EeWqZyou0lrSCUBnYhBt1NMI2RXbr3p8PQP9KReY9Mg6bng-IuQgScyKb3vIaLq1RVYpI8kog8UitEGaKelDQXOzCghqct3sC2bBoaD4X7flo0GkTvWhvl50qMztH6hQ1a7MlWN-QXekLgEfyngE4NJiKQ3TyXk_SnZ3nJ301iFMZeW4DhkNVys10A03sFWUzyDThfCmBL-5kybadT4Pzy1NCAl6dwRtqgNKrnM1dgz4nolC_pqf6hJa_B06_2BLuZ6rF9GilgLcVXktiuOflTbBnTU9ow57OUbjfCy7cLGQ1&__tn__=EHH-R

neutral: Danny Jones what culture is that then ?

neutral: Danny Jones $157 billion a year to support illegals vs $5 billion to keep them out is ok with me

negative: I am sure you Russian Bots & Putin want to keep the feeble minded in America excited; about getting Trump's Wall of Hate.

neutral: Skip Rowland El Chapo got caught. Your businesses are over libs. #Build_The_Wall

negative: "Are you stupid?  You're definitely confused; You confused  Obama and transgender wife Michael with President Trump and First Lady Melanie. You really should stop smoking that pipe

neutral: Danny Jones what culture

neutral: Danny Jones I feel for our British allies Elect a real leader thank Goodness President Trump was victorious or our culture be in the toilet also where’s Churchill when ya need him

neutral: "Renee ladd magee you've been watching too much Fox news

negative: And as a UK tax payer you know that we pay a lot to the UK but we also get funding back don't we ?

neutral: "Food for thought

neutral: "Ok just to educate you

neutral: I think you'll fine Danny doesn't know what he is talking about

neutral: Danny Jones where is the EU

neutral: "James Domitrovich 

negative: Patti Cullen stfu go chase cars ugly

negative: Carl Ostendarp better than New York where  you would killed them

neutral: So true England is looking like Pakistan. Sad!

negative: "Danny Jones One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

negative: "Danny:  Brexit is going to be a disaster

neutral: Robert Cee wow you must be living in the twilight zone.  Here in the USA the urban dwellers are the takers.  They will not speak for the rest of the country nor should they.  People in big cities are ignorant of life outside of their little bubbles and can't think or do things for themselves.  Amazon just got run out of New York because of socialist A-holes who live in a fantasy world of progressive idiocy.

neutral: Danny Jones yeah that’s the Democrat love for you We deal with every day killing everything here in the United States

negative: Carl Ostendarp Kids wouldn’t be here if criminal parents or others sneaking them in STAYED HOME!

neutral: Move to the US brother. We need more people like you here.

neutral: Danny Jones best of luck to your country

neutral: "Danny your extra large tampoon.for heavy flow fucktards like you 

neutral: "What a joke

negative: "DAY 2 of NATIONAL EMERGENCY:  - The President of the United States

neutral: BC Lynch what's taking so long? It's been a couple years I think.

neutral: "UK never really joint the EU 100%. Always felt to  be something better

negative: "Neil Wiseman  And who's showing their ignorance

neutral: "Danny Jones haha ""your"" culture? Have you ever read a history book? Or can't read?"

negative: Carl Ostendarp and the leaders of their country’s are living it up while the people walk 1000 miles to break in here.  Why don’t you go bitch about what their leaders are doing and fix their country so they won’t need to come here

negative: "Danny Jones you are so ignorant

neutral: "Danny Jones stfu nutt. He will take it as well as brexit ssh up . Trump is a felon

neutral: I think Danny Jones is probably a fat russian behind a computer terminal

neutral: Danny Jones factually you are tiny man

negative: "Danny Jones you know what else the UK can get with $5 billion? A decent dental plan for all of its citizens. Maybe you should worry about that first

negative: Maria Frett they've been over run by Muslims. The EU forced migration has ruined their country. They've been turned into a 3rd world country by immigrants forcing sharia law in their country. Same as they're trying to do here. President Trump has stopped it and refused to sign the UN Migration Pact which basically calls for no borders. He is saving our country from becoming like Europe. Look up the yellow vest protests going on in Europe and Canada.

negative: "Bonnie Lee Now we know why Obama was referered to as The Commander in Chief it always puzzled me

neutral: Didn't u guys Brexit from the EU yet?

neutral: Danny Jones hear hear!

negative: Danny Jones what is your culture not trying to be rude

neutral: Great Britain.  Enough said.

neutral: Danny Jones Thank you for caring.  God bless.

neutral: Danny Jones Time for your countrymen to stand up and rise up just like Winston Churchill did

neutral: "Danny Jones I’ve always wondered why GB joined the EU

neutral: Danny I wasn’t aware that being trash was an actual culture. The more you know 🤷‍♀️

negative: Danny Jones you know what I want you to refund me the portion that goes from my taxes to this bloody wall because I don't want the pay for it.

neutral: Danny Jones Thank you for the kind thought.  This American really understands your anguish. It seems our culture is also being destroyed. Our President is trying with all his might to stop that from taking place.  I sincerely hope brexit goes though for the UK and that “WE” get  our border wall.

neutral: Great British culture. I'm a Brit. The EU hate us. End of. So I'd rather we gave the USA 5 billion as a gift for the wall rather than give 39 billion a year to the EU ...

neutral: Danny Jones I hope May makes no deal with the EU! You will prosper that way! Stay strong!

neutral: "Benedict Büchele we live in a free country

negative: Silvia Serra Lobo   You need to understand what Danny means by the EU destroying his culture!!!  It's what President Trump and us Trump supporters want to stop from happening here!!!!   FACT CHECK THAT!!!!!

negative: Uk British family not the people had no right signing the Belfour Declaration are they secretly Jewiish???

neutral: Danny Jones Don't listen to the bigots here. My second moms is in the UK and trust me I hear how bad it is. Takes a good heart and some bravery to sat what you did. You're very kind and I truly hope these hateful people do not take your sunshine away

neutral: Danny Jones  Thank you for your sentiment.  Wish we could get the sheep over here to wake up and see reason before we end up in a civil war.

neutral: 🆗👍

neutral: Scott Pennington you clearly don’t understand much about the EU.

negative: Danny Jones  How is EU membership destroying your culture Danny? Twat

neutral: All lives matter

neutral: Danny Jones why you say that ? What is your culture and  what going on ?

neutral: Danny Jones thank you but since you can give us your Prayers!!  They are better than money!

neutral: Pls don't involve yourself in topics you don't understand.

negative: "Danny Jones what culture might that be that Trump is destroying? The European Union destroyed itself

neutral: Danny Jones absolutely 👍🏻

neutral: Danny Jones thank a Democrat for that

neutral: What culture?

neutral: The deal can include completely unrelated incentives for the United Kingdom since President Trump said Americans will do the construction and use American steel. It's a win-win. A treaty isn't even needed between friends.

neutral: Michael Najm They will if they make the deal!

negative: Dallas Woody that was one of the worse decision EU made!

negative: Patti Cullen as apposed to who Obama ? are you mentally handicapped ?  Obama scammed us out of fucking billions .. he gave billions to fucking Iran and then tried to tell us that we somehow owed them half of their entire worth because of some deal the Shaw made with us in the 70s?   .. ueah for half of the entire worth of their country .. for a deal made with a regime that was our friend that we have no obligation to return to a different regime that is one of our number one enemies .. who who who is the con artist ? fucking moron

negative: I'm just wondering.....do people live under rocks? How do you not see the damage illegal immigrants do?

neutral: Danny Jones I suggest filing to immigrate now  We still have guns

neutral: Danny Jones thank you!

neutral: "Danny Jones Definitely

neutral: Danny Jones the life you enjoy now came through the exploitation of overseas colonial territories especially Africa and so you dont want to share what was stollen

neutral: "Danny Jones it won't matter. Within one more generation the Muslims will have bred themselves into a majority in the UK

neutral: Danny Jones no one ever said the Brits are a smart bunch.....ever😂😂😂😂😂😂

neutral: Adrian Dahlstedt We were already great! Trumps a scam artist

negative: "😂 You’re an idiot if you believe that

neutral: Make a deal with President Trump! I'm sure the United States can make the deal help the United Kingdom too. That's a great thing about being friends.

negative: Dallas Woody Coerced? It's a representative of the United Kingdom proposing the idea! Where do I sign?

neutral: Good that you don't have 5 billions 😂😂

neutral: "Danny Jones you need to go educate yourself

negative: Danny Jones your culture must be trash.    Why are you garbage humans?

neutral: Silvia Serra Lobo uhmmm maybe you should look into what he is saying...

neutral: Alex Dahlen source it yourself... look at the shared expensives of the EU

neutral: "Danny Jones

negative: its a globalist scam... allies wanting to defend each other shouldn't need to be coerced into doing so... either yah wanna help your homie ..or not

neutral: Silvia Serra Lobo He has the facts illegals get benefits right away but Americans are on a waiting list . You get the facts 🇺🇸

neutral: Danny sorry but you guys need to fight for your culture and make UK great again the same way we are in the USA

negative: Are you against the wall? First take the door out of your house and leave everything open.

neutral: William Yip how about the walls that holds your roof up that you go home each night to be safe

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky I guess it will all be left up to the Supreme Court.

neutral: Larry Lubiner it's already happening... might as well get on this Trump train ole son TRUMP 2020 because you aren't going to have any Democrap presidents for the next 100 years

negative: "Hal Eric Mitlitsky every single president has declared a national emergency

negative: Alberto Weisz says the foriegn ass piece of dog shit😂😂😂😂😂

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky With any luck that won't be for AT LEAST another 5 years. Hopefully more.

neutral: Larry Lubiner why?? Because it's true?

neutral: Larry Lubiner it's spot on

neutral: "Alberto Weisz   Let him open Pandora's Box. Remember

neutral: Alberto Weisz so why are there still doors at your place then? You still carry a set a keys to get in too???

neutral: "Larry Lubiner it's already begun. I bet you're one of the same over confident tools that says there was no way Trump would be President to begin with. Keep speaking in your absolute never

neutral: Done now your turn!!😁

neutral: Alberto Weisz And use other means?

negative: "Alberto Weisz are you stupid 

neutral: "Larry Lubiner next get rid of the ones that over stay visa 

neutral: Larry Lubiner is it?

neutral: Jesus.  His followers are so simple minded.

negative: Alberto Weisz I’m no fool. I know a door gates and fences do nothing to keep anyone out of my house.

negative: Would it only be illegal immigrants that would ransack his house? because no Americans would ever commit a crime 🙄 moron

negative: A 60-high foot wall that spans 1/6 of the border is equal to a door being open? You people are beyond insane. Not to mention he's never going to get it. He's going to be stuck in the courts for years.

negative: "85% of people who come in here illegally overstay their visas. And those people are Canadians. Why don't you build a wall on the northern border

neutral: Our country isn’t a house and one of the main functions of walls is to retain heat.

neutral: Do you think Ameticans don't do home invasions?

neutral: "Larry Lubiner so

negative: "Absolutely – If we don't have the funds to build the wall along our own southern border – Then stop sending American tax-payer funded financial aid to foreign countries

negative: What kills me is most of these morons live in a gated apartment or neighborhoods that say walls don't work

negative: Alberto Weisz hell no because then all the white crackheads will take my stuff!!

neutral: Russ Bischoff right on right on right on

negative: Katie Vigna lame ass excuss twat head

negative: Alberto Weisz you can’t take your door down but not because of illegal immigrants because of American citizens

negative: Stupid analogy.

neutral: Alberto Weisz exactly 🙌

neutral: Alberto Weisz 👍👍

negative: Trump is right. Impeach Pelosi for sedition.

negative: Dems are as dumb as a box of rocks.They wouldn't know an emergency if it hit them in the face. Nothing but a bunch of Satanist .

neutral: Shirley Wilson prove it!

neutral: Nancy Hissa provide proof

neutral: Patti Piccione Zambuto they can be verified

neutral: "Nancy Hissa Is nevyconfuse a real President Obama

neutral: "Diana Klausner they’re standing up to the good old boys club and established oligarchy

negative: Diana Klausner is not just ignorant but stupid too

negative: Albert J Destefanis we already know you are the party of the ignorant

neutral: Eva Graham. Agreed

negative: Eva Graham How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?

neutral: "Eva Graham ; last post 2/18.  Comments are full if these revived

neutral: All you liberals need to shut up.  Build the wall and throw the liberals over it.

negative: Impeach the liberal traitors then arrest them and put them behind bars.

neutral: "Arlene Cirocco I always try to give people the benefit of doubt. Sometimes they know what they are talking about. So please

negative: Linda Gurtz Hildreth probably fake ones like the Obama birth certificate.

neutral: Linda Gurtz Hildreth do you really think her tax records are for real?

negative: Eva Graham I think Trump should be the one to be impeach and put cinder blocks around his feet and put him deepest part of the ocean

negative: Let's not forget the attempt on Trump's life

negative: "Renee Korabiak Ah huh...let's not foget the multiple deliberate attempts on people Fauxtus considers enemies...ie deliberate actions taken to target and plan and physically obtain lethal items them deployed in attempts to kill them with malice aforethought

neutral: Abrams Patricia am interested

negative: "Eva Graham Trump is an ass hole! Not to mention the ""puppet"" to PUTIN. TRAITOR TO AMERICA!!"

neutral: Anne Crossway  there are many angel families and there are also caravans of people coming our way. Time to build the wall

neutral: "Jean Kakuk 

neutral: "Renee Korabiak 

neutral: Can use my tax money to help build a wall

neutral: Linda Gurtz Hildreth big deal 🤷🏼‍♂️

negative: Eva Graham bella fucking Pelosi

neutral: Eva Graham That is laughable Eva. Trump needs impeaching.

neutral: Eva Graham Pelosi is smart impeach Trump

neutral: Mike Jackson It is a big deal.

neutral: Eva Graham just STOP. Please

negative: "Eva Graham One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

negative: Nothing sadder than a woman supporting an abusive man.

negative: And treason and drug and human trafficking and don't forget the RICO act

negative: How long have you been THAT STUPID Trumptard?

neutral: "Diane Smith I know alot of people that  were democrats that are going to vote for our POTUS

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2132377443519082&set=p.2132377443519082&type=3&theater

neutral: Eva Graham Freedom of Speech!

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/TheOther98/photos/a.115969958413991/3022739964403628/?type=3&theater

neutral: "Eva Graham 

neutral: Diane Smith DONT COUNT ON IT!

negative: Eva Graham you are sad

neutral: Eva Graham at least Pelosi has shown her Tax returns.

neutral: Obummer will enjoy prison life from what I hear.

negative: Dumb ass Democrats. Baby killers. Enough said.

neutral: 

neutral: "Eva Graham Impeach her?  How does that work with the Democrats controlling the House

negative: "Albert J Destefanis it's to bad people can't see trump for what he is

neutral: "Eva Graham : You are right

negative: Marxist communists have no socialist agenda and sit on the left to destroy all progress including capitalism. When cities get old they destroy them from within to build elsewhere at the expense of the nation states they prosper from. Study history 100 million people died under communist leaders and the media commie owned will not report it.

neutral: Albert J Destefanis  He May not even get a second term. HAHAHA!

neutral: Pewlosi is the pockets of the Mexican drug cartels

neutral: "Ah

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky  he’s been trying to get out of this job since he was elected.

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky Trump is above you

neutral: Albert J Destefanis he is the swamp

neutral: Albert J Destefanis I prefer to think of it more as sewer than a swamp. Sewage goes out a Democrat and after going through the sewage treatment plant comes back a Republican.

neutral: Jeff Covington ...so far nothing seems to convince me of that...not because im closed minded either.

negative: Eva Graham Pelosi has lost all sense.

negative: Patti Cullen You confuse Trump with Obama. He thought he was above everyone and everything.

negative: IDIOT! You don't have the house votes or even a legit cause to unseat her never mind impeach her.

neutral: Trump is a lying crook. If you believe what Trump says you're a SUCKER

neutral: Eva Graham you just might want to edjamcate yourself deary😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

negative: "Maria Nichols no collusion

neutral: "Patti Cullen

negative: Eva Graham he can not impeach Pelosi. I am Not a  American and know it and you dump Trumpee as an American  don't know it than don't write such a Bullshit. Stay in you Trailor Park Drink Beer play with Guns You Troll

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/367105936678679/photos/a.372249079497698/2040846389304617/?type=3&theater

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky Obama already did that with his pen and paper!!

negative: Eva Graham  You are so ignorant

negative: "Hal Eric Mitlitsky you lefties keep regurgitating that mantra about gun control. So stupid

negative: Dummycrats for prison 2019

neutral: "I also believe President Trump will dedicate his second term to draining the swamp as promised

neutral: the congress woman(although she wants to be called the democrat socialist) needs to go!

negative: "Eva Graham   Seriously? You have to stop drinking the Kool-Aid.  Let him open Pandora's Box. Remember

neutral: Diana Klausner ...I agree with you but honestly believe they are helping our cause in 2020...making it much easier for Trump to be re elected because a lot of people are seeing that party for what they truelly are.

negative: Stuart Schnapp you are a dumbass German

neutral: Maria Nichols ....yawn.....

neutral: nothing trump says is right.

neutral: Eva Graham three equal branches!! Trump thinks he’s above the Constitution!

neutral: Eva Graham hilarious. You people are thick

neutral: It's Mueller Time!!!!

negative: Maria Nichols you ever get tired of being a loser?

negative: "My son was killed by an illegal Mexican immigrant who had already been deported once for DUI. He choose to drive drunk

negative: Lynn Limauro Floyd  if they committed murder firing squad

negative: It is the only way to stop it

neutral: He drove they let him across. The border patrol is part of the problem wall won’t work Military

neutral: "it's amazing how he was deported but managed to get back to the US

negative: "I'm so sorry. I pray you will somehow be able to survive all the heartbreaking dynamics of  this absolutely horrible loss of your precious son. The Democrats have gone mad

neutral: Amen!

neutral: Lynn Limauro Floyd what does the wall have to do with it?

negative: Lynn Limauro Floyd A white guy drove drunk and killed my uncle. We need to deport white people too!

negative: "Lynn Limauro Floyd How sad!!!! Yes

negative: "Lynn Limauro Floyd sorry for your loss

negative: Babi Nikki How can you be so cruel to say that the loss of her son has less concern or value or evil than another loss.  I feel sorry for you and will pray for people like you.  And I hope you never loose a child or loved one under these circumstances  And I also think that you must be a socialist communist democrat to make such a statement.  Shame Shame on you.

negative: Babi Nikki So sorry for your loss and the added grief put  on you from our broken immigration laws.  I do hope that sharing your son's story will save someone else's life.  I also apologize  for Babi Nikki.  She can say such cruel things but not brave enough to use her real name.

neutral: Well the Manafort judge certainly doesn’t see any witch hunt here!   She says Konstantin Kilimnik is significant to the Mueller investigation because he was a link between the Russian government and the Trump campaign.

negative: Lynn Limauro Floyd How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?

negative: Lynn Limauro Floyd  sorry to another broken heart 💔

negative: Lynn Limauro Floyd   Your son was a moron

negative: Lynn Limauro Floyd So sad! God bless you! Illegal's need to be vetted! Build that WALL!

neutral: Lynn Limauro Floyd  firing squad is better

neutral: Thank you Mr President for working so hard for us American citizens! 🙏❤️🇺🇸❤️

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 16) Defense  ~Executive order keeping the detention facilities at U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay open.  ~$700 billion in military funding for FY 2018 and $716 billion for FY 2019. Largest military pay raise in nearly a decade.  ~Ordered a Nuclear Posture Review to ensure America’s nuclear forces are up to date and serve as a credible deterrent.  ~Released America’s first fully articulated cyber strategy in 15 years.  ~New strategy on national biodefense

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 17) Veterans affairs~  ~Signed the VA Accountability Act and expanded VA telehealth services

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin this does not even take into account the NAFTA deal he negotiated..The part media fails to inform you of is what the NAFTA deal means and how Mexico IS going to pay.... I'll explane...  ~It forces USA metal to be used *(HUGE for American jobs and American steel sales generating billions) and it will keep automobile manufactures in the USA (worth billions).  ~Americans bought $71 billion more imports YEARLY from Mexico than vice versa. That's about to change in Americans favor.   ~At least 30% of the cars must be made by workers earning at least $16 an hour to keep American car manufactures in the USA (That increases to 40% in 2023:) Autos that don't meet these requirements will be subject to hefty tariffs.   ~Canada must open up its dairy market to U.S. farmers. It will eliminate its complex pricing scheme for Class 7 products. That includes milk protein concentrate

neutral: So cute linda

negative: Linda Durbin really hard for Americans huh? Cuz i still see ooor and homeless sleeping on our street while its winter .

neutral: "Linda Durbin if you’re a multimillionaire

negative: "James Chapman Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin fake crisis is your opinion you got from media opinion. Truth is the voters

neutral: "James Chapman Yes I am already quite familiar with all of the Lies

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 6) Deregulation ~ *( tax cuts and deregulation is why the economy is doing so well)   ~Achieved massive deregulation at a rapid pace

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 7) Tax Cuts  ~Biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history by signing the Tax Cuts and Jobs act into law  ~Provided more than $5.5 trillion in gross tax cuts

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 8.) Worker Development  ~ Established a National Council for the American Worker to develop a national strategy for training and retraining America’s workers for high-demand industries.  ~Employers have signed Trump’s “Pledge to America’s Workers

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 9) Health Care  ~Signed an executive order to help minimize the financial burden felt by American households Signed legislation to improve the National Suicide Hotline.  ~Signed the most comprehensive childhood cancer legislation ever into law

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 10) Combating Opioids  ~Chaired meeting the 73rd General Session of the United Nations discussing the worldwide drug problem with international leaders.  ~Initiative to Stop Opioid Abuse and Reduce Drug Supply and Demand

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda GriffinHenk 12) Border Security and Immigration  ~Secured $1.6 billion for border wall construction in the March 2018 omnibus bill.  ~Construction of a 14-mile section of border wall began near San Diego.  ~Worked to protect American communities from the threat posed by the vile MS-13 gang.  ~ICE’s Homeland Security Investigations division arrested 796 MS-13 members and associates in FY 2017

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 13) Trade  ~Negotiating and renegotiating better trade deals

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 14) Energy   ~ Presidential Memorandum to clear roadblocks to construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline.  ~Presidential Memorandum declaring that the Dakota Access Pipeline serves the national interest and initiating the process to complete construction.  ~Opened up the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge to energy exploration.  ~Coal exports up over 60 percent in 2017. Rolled back the “stream protection rule” to prevent it from harming America’s coal industry.  ~Cancelled Obama’s anti-coal Clean Power Plan and proposed the Affordable Clean Energy Rule as a replacement.  ~Withdrew from the job-killing Paris climate agreement

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 15) Foreign Policy  ~Moved the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.  ~Withdrew from Iran deal and immediately began the process of re-imposing sanctions that had been lifted or waived.  ~Treasury has issued sanctions targeting Iranian activities and entities

neutral: "Linda Durbin; last post 5/15 Comments are full of these revived

neutral: that is why it is a great nation with great people

negative: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin fake crisis is your opinion you got from media opinion. Truth is the voters

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin opinion vs fact of a billionaire that works for free..1) Economic Growth  ~4.2 percent growth in the second quarter of 2018.  ~For the first time in more than a decade

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin opinion vs fact..2.) Jobs  ~ 4 million new jobs have been created since the election

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin  3) American Income   ~Median household income rose to $61

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 4) American Optimism   ~Small business optimism has hit historic highs.  ~NFIB’s small business optimism index broke a 35 year-old record in August.  ~Evwn leftist SurveyMonkey/CNBC’s small business confidence survey for Q3 of 2018 matched its all-time high.  ~Manufacturers are more confident than ever. 95 percent of U.S. manufacturers are optimistic about the future

neutral: "Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin 5) American Business  ~Investment is flooding back into the United States due to the tax cuts.  ~Over $450 billion dollars has already poured back into the U.S.

neutral: "Linda

neutral: "Linda Durbin TRAITOR TRUMP

negative: Fools Abound!

negative: I hardly think President Hoax should be praised for working hard playing golf and watching TV while neglecting his presidential duties!!!

neutral: It is normal for Human Beings to loath someone like Trump that constantly lies to them like the vast majority of Americans do!!! So why does the Trump Cult so easily accept Trump's constant lying to them??? That is very abnormal! .......though of course Cult's throughout history have always excepted this disgraceful behaviour from their false idol!!!

negative: YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP IS VERRY CRAZY...

negative: Linda Durbin How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?

neutral: Timothy Kershner pussy

neutral: "Ruben Soriano

neutral: "COLLUSION!  - Trump Advisor

negative: Linda Durbin  Do you mean working so hard or Hardly Working

negative: Timothy Kershner that doesn't mean every illegal is now ok. That is the 0000.1% of illegals.

neutral: Linda Durbin Why do you support this lying idiot? Asking for a friend of yours who really does not understand.

negative: "Linda Durbin One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

neutral: "Jean-François Rivard good I'm glad he's playing golf

neutral: Linda Durbin 👍🇺🇸❤️

negative: Marxist Communist left sit on the left to destroy all socialist progress to overthrow capitalism. They never have a socialist agenda ever!!!! Karl Marx was Jewiish and a cousin to the Rothchilds bankers.

neutral: "ILLUMINATI BROTHERHOOD!!!!!!!!!! Greetings To Those Who Wish To Achieve Their Dreams And Become Great In Life.. Have You Be Looking For A Success Way In Life

neutral: Sue Howie just like obama with his shutdown

neutral: Linda Durbin  he only works three hours a day

negative: Sue Howie it was because of the dumbocrats and you know it. The dumbocrats in office are sick minded pathetic excuses for human beings. They should all be put on sinking barge and put out to sea. Let them govern the sharks.

neutral: "Linda Dee Montes you gun clinging morons. If you are a responsible gun owner

negative: Linda Durbin working hard playing golf mmmmmm

negative: Linda Durbin he should use the money for education because your grammar is atrocious.

negative: Timothy Kershner So we should import  more criminals illegally? That's a old weak talking point!! You my friend are the one that need to shut up!!

neutral: Kevin Llamas Juárez What did you want him to do...take our guns away? The socialism is strong within you!!

negative: Sue Howie Do you know how our government works? The Democrats in Congress did that!!

negative: "heh's playing golf during a national emergency

negative: Working hard at lying to the American people.

negative: linda you triggered TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME  VICTIMS

negative: Linda Durbin Ms Nancy  ain't giving you no wall twitter fingers. Boom

negative: Tom Barker no that was Obama. Check your mental health status asap.

negative: Peter Fell lol. You poor man. You don't even know what day it is. You do know that believing a lie brings on a reprobate mind that's mental illness. Not knowing a lie from truth or right from wrong.

neutral: Timothy Kershner good for him  the illegal that murdered my friends child got squat!! Build that wall

negative: Jean-François Rivard WOW really like your DUMBASS works 7days a week without a off BITCH please. Stop being a ignorant ASSHAT.

neutral: "Linda Durbin oh yea sure

neutral: Kevin Llamas Juárez WOW really it amazes me how much stupid you can fit in your head.

neutral: Linda Durbin working?  Building a wall is not much of a work if you might ask...... 👀😭

negative: Timothy Kershner Send him back. He is here ILLEGALLY. Come back the legal way!!!!

negative: Linda Durbin So hard he blocked back pay for the federal workers who worked through his shutdown..

neutral: Linda Durbin He’s playing golf again this weekend.

neutral: "Tom Barker The most successful president in 32 years. Pres. Trump has done more in 2 years than Obama

negative: Linda Durbin he doesn't work hard...he hardly works

negative: "Linda Durbin   You mean working so hard on the golf course? You have to stop drinking the Kool-Aid. It has seriously affected your health.  Republicans think we hate Trump more than we love America.  The truth is

neutral: 😂

negative: "– If we don't have the funds to build the wall along our own southern border – Then stop sending American tax-payer funded financial aid to foreign countries

negative: How is golfing every other day working hard?

negative: Linda Durbin  You mean golfing so hard

neutral: Timothy Kershner  So that makes it OK ?

negative: shut the hell you ignorant pussy grabber backer this is exactlly what you all done to President Obama so suck it up butter cup

negative: Timothy Kershner Illegal's do NOT belong in this country...let alone killing ANYONE...

negative: "How much insulin could be bought with the wall money to save those who can't afford it...know any diabetics?  How many homeless Veterans could be placed with the wall money?  How many crumbling bridges or roads could be fixed with the wall money?  How many schools and businesses could be protected from gun violence with the wall money. There are far worse emergencies in America today

negative: How many lives will be saved!!!! My baby brother died from that junk they are bringing in.

negative: "Betsy Hammond We spend $150 billion per year on illegal immigrants welfare. Even if wall only stopped half of it

neutral: "Teresa Pagniano there will still be ""junk"" brought in."

negative: Teresa Pagniano  sorry for your loss but it was your brothers fault.!!

neutral: Teresa Pagniano where did he get his first dose?

negative: Betsy Hammond  I am a diabetic I pay for insurance and still have to pay for it!!! I still want the wall and back my President!  He is NOT to blame for the high insurance costs thank Obama the worthless one He did that to you NOT Trump!!! So jump on Obama’s page and let him k ow how you struggle. Trump works for FREE for Americans he can only fix things obama destroyed so fast

negative: Betsy Hammond  Yep so many more REAL emergencies than the stupid wall. What a Con

neutral: "Betsy Hammond do you realize we could have all that

neutral: Betsy Hammond those things should have been taken care of long before now! Once all the illigles are not getting resources the legal people should get it.

neutral: America first! Trump 2020!

negative: "Adam Somerville One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

negative: Trump prison 20 to life

neutral: Amen amen amen

negative: Edgar D. Gutierrez the first lady was here LEGALLY and then became A LEGAL CITIZEN. What part dont you understand so that I can dumb it down to your level.

neutral: Dante Noel you are the one that needs help!

neutral: Edgar D. Gutierrez nope but she came to America LEGALLY! Practice that word LEGALLY LEGALLY!

neutral: "Dante Noel   A liberal loon not supporting this ""POLICY!""  Perhaps you should have studied something that would have given you a career and at the same time taught you how to properly construct a sentence!   Perhaps you could move to the Hague and sit on the UN's International Court of Justice!!! You know

neutral: GET 9/11 REINVESTIGATED NOW!!!! ISrael is not your friend. Backstabbers! ZIonism=whabbism same tribe.

neutral: "Adrianna Anders are Democrats taking money from the drug cartels politicians all see motivated by money over the best interest for Americans 

neutral: "John Zappini

neutral: How would we know that without one?

negative: 20 for perjury 20 for obstruction

neutral: Adam Somerville  👏👏👏

neutral: "Dante Noel  You

neutral: "Adam Somerville yes

negative: "Adam Somerville America become before 2020 the deepest Bullshit Nation in the Western World . Peace got Fire Today at Security Conference in Munich Gemany 

negative: Adam Somerville  Is a moron

neutral: Adam Somerville Amen

neutral: First lady wasn't American

negative: Well Steve I've been called worse. I can live with that.

neutral: "Dante Noel

negative: Dante Noel perhaps you should pull your head out of your ass

negative: Dante Noel maybe you need to shut the hell up. Thanks Adam Trump 2020

neutral: Build the wall!👍🇺🇸

negative: Our President Donald Trump is the best President ever and the democrat communists are the worst of the worst

neutral: "I support America also like trump does

negative: "Adam Somerville   Trump 2020. Absolutely. 20 years for treason

neutral: "Hal Eric mitlitski

neutral: Dante Noel Your some kind of special.

negative: Adam Somerville A fire fighter supporting this policies. Perhaps you need to consider in changing your career pal. 😅

negative: 10 years ago a lady named Ann hit me while I was a riding motorcycle. I could have been killed. All women named Ann should not be allowed to drive. I am not sure how she came to the USA but I do know that people born here do not cause accidents only people that crossed the border illegally do. She told the police she didn't mean to do it but I think she was out to get me. She claimed to speak English but we all know that people that cause accidents are foreigners and they don't speak English.

neutral: "Dave really great sarcasm but I think it is lost on most of the people who would read this post

negative: And this is why crazy people need to be monitored more closely

neutral: "Keith Eberlein She did have Allstate took her full $100

negative: "Mike LeJe some people misread the 2nd amendment. It says ""to provide for a militia..."" more people should study history to understand why that amendment is there."

negative: "Mitchell Poet The elves are on vacation until April. They work hard so I give them a few months off. It is just me

neutral: MJ  Stark what color is the dress?

neutral: Veronica Sanchez grew up near Detroit....

negative: Dave Callender well if we can cancel out the law of people coming in legally these we can get rid of every law and be a lawless country ! Fine by me but will you be ok with it Santa Claus when a criminal is at your door ? I’m guessing no you smart ass

neutral: Gabriel Son what would you like for Christmas?

neutral: Robert Duncan I'll try.

negative: Might be the stupidest analogy I have read. Maybe confer with your elves before writing something insane the next time.

neutral: Dave Callender coming from a man who lives in New Hampshire where people don't lock their doors come down to South Texas you'll change your mind

neutral: Dave Callender years ago when I was a child my parents picked up an illegal immigrant he asked if they would be so kind to give him a ride and they did he repaid them by molesting their daughter my sister in the back seat I don't know about you but I don't know any American who would repay kindness behind their backs doing this to their child.

negative: Dave Callender maybe you should have died in that accident then you would have some ground to stand on for your argument like the other family's that have lost family to illegal alien's.  Think man they break the law when coming into our country and break the law after they are here. You go to their country's and break the law. See what happens to you.

negative: Jimm Jenkens your right. And the founding fathers made sure we would have the right to bare arms in the future with the 2nd amendment.  That's so we can defend ourselves from those that would do us harm and the socialist government that is trying to arbitrate a coup against our duly elected government

negative: Kyle Callender UNFORTUNATELY MEXICAN MEN 1 MAN COMES FOR ASYLUM GETS IT. HE BRINGS ALL ILLEGAL FAMILY ACROSS BORDER THEY GO GET FOOD STAMPS MEDICAID ETC.....THEY DONT BOTHER LEARNING ENGLISH BECAUSE PPL OF EL PASO CATER TO THEM BUT WE AMERICANS GET DISCRIMINATED FOR NOT KNOWING SPANISH.  I CANT GET A JOB IN ALOT OF PLACES BECAUSE IDK SPANISH THATS NOT RIGHT?????? IVE HEARD SOME PPL ARE WORKING IN MALLS THAT DONT KNO ENGLISH IVE NOT SEEN THIS BECAUSE IF/WHEN I DO IM RAISING HELL. PPL NEED TO QUIT CATERING TO THEM. IF THEY MOVE TO HOUSTON OR DALLS THEY LEARN ENGLISH BECAUSE THEY WONT CATER TO THEIR ASSES. THIS IS REALITY. PPL GET PD LESS IN EP BECUZ ILLEGALS HURT OUR ECONOMY.  THEY WORK UNDER TABLE N SEND $$$ TO MEXICO N DONT PAY TAXES. THEY ARE ALL ON STAMPS N MEDICAID N KEEP HAVING ANCHOR BABIES WE TAX PAYERS SUPPORT.   I UNDERSTAND WHAT U R SAYING ABOUT ASYLUM BUT THIS IS HOW ISIS HAS GOTTEN IN USA. YES LAWS NEED REVISED N CHANGED BUT WE AMERICANS NEED TO TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN 1ST. IF WE DONT WHO WILL??? PRESIDENT TRUMP KNOS THINGS WE DO NOT KNO. TRUST HIM??? LISTEN TO HIM???? HES CHANGING ALL PORTS OF ENTRY FROM MEXICO IN TO TX WITH HIGHER TECHNOLOGY ALREADY. WE NEED THE WALL BECUZ DRUGS N ILLEGAL PPL COMING IN WHERE THERE IS NOTHING.....IM JUST SAYING I MEAN NO DISRESPECT.  ILL AGREE TO DISAGREE IM NOT TRYNA ARGUE I STICK TO FACTS N TRUTH.......YOUR HEART IS N RIGHT SPOT BUT AMERICANS 1ST!!!

neutral: "Dave Callender There is a Mental Institution near you

negative: "What about all of the northern States like the one I grew up on that border another country and have no walls?  It sucks that you can't find a job with the skills you have

negative: "I’m pretty sure Dave was being sarcastic

neutral: Kyle Callender Good points and common sense logic ~ Bravo!

negative: We The People witnessed this week the One'n'Only Mr. Fake News manufacture a Fake Crisis that he tries to sell to us with nothing but Lies and Fake News Alternative Facts!!!

neutral: Everybody knows it is normal for Human Beings to loath someone like Trump that constantly lies to them like the vast majority of Americans do!!! So why does the Trump Cult so easily accept Trump's constant lying to them??? That is very abnormal! .......though of course Cult's throughout history have always excepted this disgraceful behaviour from their false idol!!!

neutral: Dave Callender.  Don't be asinine.

negative: Dave Callender How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?

neutral: "Listen

negative: Kyle Callender ....Control laws TAKE lives......  The more guns in civilian hands equals less crime and safer communities.  Every year in the US guns are used millions of times to stop criminal actions.  By contrast a relatively few innocent people are killed with one.

neutral: """Dave Callender

negative: Dianna Lee a wall or lack of has nothing to do with enforcing our laws immigration or otherwise. So what exactly is your argument for related to Dave's sarcastic post? Wow you all are horrible at judging sarcasm or seeing the analogy between saying one person with a trait did something bad therefore everyone with that trait must be punished.

neutral: "Hey Dave

neutral: Dave Callender that's a nice picture of you and your sister.

neutral: "I see the Callender family is full of idiots. Those must be fun family dinners

negative: Dave Callender Oh that’s real smart it’s not that accident don’t happen to everyone it’s that They had no business being here to cause the accident not having insurance because they are illegal you’re real smart

neutral: Dave Heffner or TDR.

neutral: Dave Callender get your head out of the sand

negative: "Dave Callender You’re an idiot. Of course Americans kill others in accidents. The point is that if these uneducated

negative: "Dave Callender When it becomes illegal to be named ""Ann"" fine but it isn't. However

negative: You really need moron meds

neutral: Dave Callender this is awesome man! Godbless my brother!

neutral: Well maybe you got some TBI now.

neutral: "Chris Hall ""if it saves one life it's worth it"" does that mean you are also in favor of stricter gun control laws since it will save at least one life? What about the lives of baby immigrants that have died in the custody of the government? Will we end the practice of family separation to save those one lives as well? What about the asylum seekers that would die if not granted asylum into our country? Will we reform our asylum and immigration policies to save those one lives? You say a wall of it saves one life is worth it... then you should apply that principle equally to all lives."

neutral: Dave Callender Moronic comments.....

negative: "Dave Callender   Regardles of any crimes commitef by them after they get here

negative: why are you so stupid

neutral: Dave Callender gave me a good laugh! Bravo!

neutral: Best president ever! #maga

negative: The criminal trumpleforeskin is going to prison.

neutral: Ed Wrany not even the best president this afternoon  ...

negative: "Debbie Valdovinos you are ignorant or a liar

negative: Brett Gibson awwww does he hurt your feelings??? 😂😂😂

negative: Ed Wrany does making me cringe every time he opens his moronic conman mouth qualify as hurting my feelings?

negative: Justin Fields you are an idiot!

neutral: Maida Broadbent Williams Go get some new batteries for your vibrator.

negative: "Ed Wrany do you ever get tired of posting the same tired old bullshit sentence . He is the worst president ever

neutral: Ed Wrany  MAGA TRUMP 2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🙌🏼

negative: Ed Wrany how. About. All the people. Idiot brings in. To work at his golf. Course. McConnell brings in. Hundreds. Of. Taiwanese. Because his wife wants them here

neutral: Ed Wrany you mean best Idiot ever in this Planet.

neutral: "Justin Fields

negative: "Justin Fields   Sorry

negative: Ed Wrany you are a donkey he shut the government down for 35 days and put government workers with out pay grow up he is a baby if he can not get what he wants

negative: "Ed Wrany One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

negative: Ed Wrany Worst and more corrupt president in 5e history of our country.

neutral: Ed Wrany Yes! 🙏

negative: Maida Broadbent Williams TROLL

negative: Maida Broadbent Williams is a dumbass Democrat.

negative: Ed Wrany worrrrrst president there ever was!! Worst than the second bush!!

negative: Hey Maida. Why don't you ignorant left liberal pukes go hang out on leftist liberal puke FB a internet pages?! No... you like to come here and spew your leftist liberal puke bullshit because that's all ignorant leftist liberal pukes know how to do.

negative: "Jim Smith No

neutral: Make America Safe Again!!  This President cares about America and it's people!!

negative: Margo H Izabal https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/27/nyregion/trump-tower-illegal-immigrant-workers-union-settlement.html

negative: "Bill Johnson One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

neutral: Bill Johnson never Mr Tromp he don't care for any one .. only for him .. An I a republican an a vet  ..  toll me Tromp return the money of department of education for veterans

neutral: "Ward Karsman Well

neutral: Make America SAFE AGAIN!.........give Trump his Four Walls!!!

negative: deplorable TrumpTurds > Politics Ann Coulter after Trump's order: ‘The only national emergency is that our president is an idiot’

negative: "Theresa Boyd these statistics are absolutely shocking

negative: Renee Ladd Magee No it is because the vast majority of the American people recognise that Trump is America's number one Enemy of the State and number one threat to National Security. Trump is the Real True Enemy Of The People and everybody knows it except the Trump Cult!!!

neutral: Marcos Ramirez thank Obama for 17 trillion of that 👌

neutral: John Zappini

neutral: https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/51977468_10211387798045227_4833090530269200384_n.jpg?_nc_cat=100&_nc_eui2=AeGFlsn0Uohh00H4MO26Xh6r0ONHCZ3Fn9QkhCPAR_LhYioauInQCkcnxubAFGhavFA3klz5_ZX-9PSB3fzFu99vEkizIZDZTlqSX4xGiyxFKA&_nc_ht=scontent-iad3-1.xx&oh=2aabc7e3395553da3ce13ee8dcc539a7&oe=5CF1AFEE

neutral: "Bill

neutral: Bill Johnson more importantly he cares about golf!

negative: Everybody: try to stay safe during Day 2 of the Emergency.

negative: I know we're ALL terrified

negative: Bill Johnson   You can’t be serious. Trump caring about someone else other than himself. Once Trump got elected he stopped worrying about America and it’s people.  He got there votes and that’s all he wanted. This man isn’t concerned about individual people.  It’s just not in his makeup to care for anyone at all

neutral: Bill Johnson you're dreaming he cares a only about him self he has money he doesn't care about the working man he is stupid and so are you

negative: "Edgar D. GutierrezTexas is the only state to track crime specifically among illegal immigrants let's use them as an example:  Between January 2011- January 2019 there have been 10 school shootings in the state of Texas. Of those 10 shootings 15 people have died and 28 have been injured.   Now let's look at crime amongst illegal immigrants in Texas. ""Between June 1

neutral: Lee N Kristen Wilcox so no facts just name calling?  Ok good for you

neutral: "Marcos Ramirez I guess his accomplishments mean nothing

negative: "Stephen Mattison Nazi's used propaganda like Democrat and Liberal hate news does does to condemn the Jews. Demonizing a whole group of people for the crimes voting for Trump  is never justifiable. are Democrats taking money from the drug cartels politicians all see motivated by money over the best interest for Americans 

neutral: "Marcos Ramirez are Democrats taking money from the drug cartels politicians all see motivated by money over the best interest for Americans 

neutral: Bill Johnson are you serious

neutral: "And what about the shooting in Illinois

negative: Bill Johnson MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN.... That’s what you people want.  Scared it’s getting too brown you

neutral: Bill Johnson... trump cares only for trump ...

negative: "Adrianna Anders how about the word leftist- u will find rapist impeached clinton

negative: The only thing he cares about is his EGO! he really dont give a crap about you or your family look at the USA debt he got us in. 22 Trillion.

negative: Nazi's used propaganda like Trump does to condemn the Jews. Demonizing a whole group of people for the crimes of the very few is never justifiable.

neutral: """Safe again""? So there was a wall before?"

neutral: Lee N Kristen Wilcox instead of lashing out why don't you answer the question

negative: "Bill Johnson   You should be saying make America sane again.  Not to worry

neutral: Gabriel Ureña what is your point

neutral: "Bill Johnson yeap very safe 

neutral: Bruh your like 400 years old. There was no wall when u were born.

negative: America is a continent dumbass are you talking about . the United States ...

neutral: "Roy Norwood it's over your head Roy

neutral: Bill Johnson are you less safe than 20 yrs ago?NOPE!!!!!!!!

negative: barbara your full of crap!

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/roguepressbriefs/photos/a.219075375254770/550355752126729/?type=3&theater

negative: "Bill you r nuts this is the WORST president ever liar

neutral: "July 16

neutral: "Apple

negative: The same thing happened to me from a man that was a US Citizen and serving in the military. The point is these things happen and the people doing so will be legal and illegal at a proportion relative to their portion of the population. Just as my situation does not mean that men in the military are bad your situation does not mean illegals are bad........only that the individuals that perpetrated this on us were bad.

negative: Apple Rivera How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?

neutral: See a lawyer hope you feel  better. sleezy insurance companies.

neutral: Apple Rivera So sorry you went through that. Enterprise should take responsibility. Hope they find him but probably not unfortunately.

neutral: Jeff Trek I didn’t say that. Both can be effective when used together.

neutral: "Mark Smart that's not how that works.  A company leased a truck from enterprise

negative: Henk Adelbert Lapomarda Griffin WHAT PART OF ILLEGAL MAKES YOU THINK LAW ABIDING  THE DIFFERENCE IS THAT THE GUY IN THE MILITARY WAS PUNISHED AND YOU COULD GET SOME COMPENSATION FOR YOUR LOSS  BUT YOU ARE TOO BLIND TO SEE THAT  ILLEGAL MEANS ILLEGAL ILLEGAL MEANS AGAINST THE LAW   ONLY LIBERALS THINK ILLEGAL MEANS OBEYING THE LAW

negative: Apple Rivera do not stop going after Enterprise! So if they didn’t contract (bullshit) did they report their truck stolen I suspect NO go after the fuckers

negative: "Apple Rivera people have lost loved ones from Americans also. If you wanna fix that problem you'd have to get rid of everyone

negative: Apple Rivera  Maddening and unfortunate for you. Build the wall!

neutral: "Apple Rivera if this story is even true

negative: "Barbara Samuel well I just sent you the pictures you say I’m lying about. I’ve no reason to lie about an accident

neutral: "Barbara Samuel and you can CLEARLY see July 16

neutral: Apple Rivera I’m sorry this happened to you but someone’s legal status doesn’t make a lick of difference when it comes to their character. This could’ve easily been an American citizen. I’m sure there are thousands of stories like yours that involved people who have legal status.

neutral: Jeff Trek

neutral: "You mentioned that they use underground tunnel

negative: "Eddie Gonzalez poor me? Your sarcasm shows your intelligence

negative: "My cousin was hit by illegal

negative: "Madeline Maisog Theetge I’m sorry to hear

negative: "That's is truly terrible what happened to you

negative: Apple Rivera don't waste this countrys money

negative: Apple Rivera Liar!

negative: Eddie Gonzalez no one wants illegals hear besides idiots

neutral: Apple Rivera God bless you Apple

negative: Apple Rivera bullsh!t stupid bot.

negative: Did Daniel Zuniga illegally cross the border on foot in an area we dont currently have walls or come here legally and over stay their Visa?

neutral: "Kyle Callender from what the CHP officer stated

negative: Aww poor you

neutral: "If you want safety in America

negative: Curtis Rice Don't make posts when you are drunk.  I did it before and it always comes out wrong.  Just trying to help.

neutral: We'll wait Curtis. Let us know how you fare. Just kidding. We don't care. Just GTFO.

neutral: "Statistically

neutral: Curtis Rice 2020 !!!!!

negative: Curtis Rice statistically people who give answers with false facts are fools.

neutral: Curtis Rice gee Curtis.  Maybe that's because there are more of us...

neutral: Joyce Ames He has a good point..Where are Trumps words for the 5 Americans gunned down yesterday...49 days in 2019 and 39 mass shootings!Not one of them done by an illegal..

negative: Ange Richmond ... No... The percentage of crime by immigrants is lower compared to percentage of Americans.

negative: Joyce Ames hates pesky facts 😆😀😄

neutral: Lead by example.....GTFO

neutral: Curtis Rice lol - these comments are great. No one can even pull a BreitBart article above crime based on demographic.

negative: Curtis Rice what a dumbass un-american response. We just need to get rid of jerks like you.

negative: "That means your stupid ass has to go too

neutral: what about all the mass shootings you have in America? Pretty sure that’s not related to immigrants!!

neutral: Awesome idea. Who’s going to take your place?

negative: #LAME guess we'll move ya out of Georgia & send ya across border when it's done to let ya see how they're

neutral: "there it is

neutral: Patrick Dixon they arent running here from Tijuana 😂

neutral: Curtis Rice inbreeding 🙄

neutral: Curtis Rice would not make it back in the country then.....

neutral: lol no it wouldn't

neutral: I've been saying the same thing except I'm saying trade the Democraps for the illegals and we would all be better off. After all the illegals are fleeing mostly socialist countries

negative: Curtis Rice Your stats are fake. We have the worst gangs from central America now because we are to free with our immigration polices.

neutral: Curtis Rice that’s not how statistics work

neutral: Curtis Rice is the perfect example of why cousins shouldn't be allowed to breed with each other.

negative: Curtis Rice your a jerk

neutral: "Tijuana is the deadliest city on the planet.  Nice try

neutral: Curtis Rice are you trying toget an award for the dumbest post of the day?

negative: Flint Michigan needs $167 million to fix their water problem. Why isn't this a national emergency?

neutral: Anthony Clark flint Michigan is being repaired daily. They are literally replacing every inch of piping in the city.  It is most certainly not a 1 day or 1 year project.  It is underway.

neutral: Real talk

negative: Adam Corria well make the boarder control do theirs and stop bitching!!! Where is all this love for America? Their are kids getting poisoned! Lol the man keeps lying to you 😂😂😂 dumb ass eating up 😂😂

neutral: They are spending $192 MILLION for a facility for illegals.  This is outrages.  Send them home!

neutral: Yeah and vote out the people that been running your city for years

negative: Anthony Clark the entire city is run by democrats that’s what happens🤷‍♂️  Also the water crisis ended April of last year

neutral: "Anthony Clark they send billions to other countries

neutral: Ask OBama!

negative: Anthony Clark  Corrupt leaders. Fix that first. And last I heard.. They are!

neutral: Anthony Clark wondering why Obama didn't fix it

neutral: Oh you don’t care about the American people getting poisoned! But want a wall smh what about the people over here?

neutral: Anthony Clark maybe make your city and state do there jobs ?

negative: "I am so sorry for your loss but your daughter was killed by a drunk driver.Who

negative: Jim Butkowsky these are the people that see anyone can carry a gun and look at the number of gun crime let alone MASS SHOOTING  !

negative: Carl Ostendarp STFU -- obama went golfing 8min. after one of our journalists was beheaded .https://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/22/us/politics/a-terrorist-horror-then-golf-incongruity-fuels-obama-critics.html

negative: No need for basic logic huh?

neutral: "Carl Ostendarp art major from yale

neutral: Jennifer Yvonne Croff and your point is?

negative: "Marcus Rech no I am protected by aliens. I was abducted and they taught me how electromagnetism from microwaves

neutral: Jennifer Yvonne Croff

neutral: "Marcus Rech MS13 is an AMERICAN gang

neutral: Brian Roy

negative: Jennifer Yvonne Croff then maybe a American drunk driver would hit her. What then

neutral: "Butkowsky--BS!  He wasn't suppose to be here & her daughter would still be alive

negative: Jim Butkowsky that’s just if if that illegal person had not been here her daughter would be alive. #buildthewall

negative: But if that illegal immigrant wouldn't have been here...

neutral: "Jim Butkowsky 

neutral: Higher than our national average.

negative: Is there anyone alive who thought he wouldn’t be leisurely eating & golfing today - on our dime - at his club - less than 24 hrs after declaring a national emergency?

neutral: Jim Butkowsky I guess you won't be saying that if it was your family

neutral: Carl Ostendarp at least he didn't have a big party and our boys in bengezi wasn't important enough for him or hillary to try and get them help! i call  BS BS BS at least the man does answer when called no matter where he is.

negative: "To report a person you think may be in the U.S. illegally

neutral: "Gus Keller Um

neutral: Steve Martin I'm sure you will not be calling it a false alarm when it affects your family and children. The Angel parents know it's very real. You'd think you would be funny having that name.

neutral: "Worley Michael   Haven't you heard???  Russian collusion and the Trump campaign

neutral: Nazi much? Good grief

neutral: John N Karen Morris it's hard to be funny with ignorant bigots like you

neutral: John n Morris and maybe you need to call 1 866 go Jack off!

neutral: John N Karen Morris are you here legally? Prove it

neutral: Lmfao he has a joint Facebook account with his wife who TF would've ever guessed that he'd be a snitch

negative: Also you should take your ass back to San Diego with this BS and stay out of Texas

neutral: Gus Keller You should move California or better yet to San Francisco with the other snowflakes like yourself .

negative: Renieri Ortiz there is a huge difference between a legal immigrant and an illegal immigrant.

negative: I want to report the parents of that kid in your profile pic for neglect. What number do I call? No one should have to grow up with such ignorant parents

neutral: "Julie Carr We proved it when we voted and got driver's licenses in the great state of Texas! Don't need to prove anything to you

negative: The constant false alarm calls from all you Trumpanzees must be fucking hilarious!

negative: Renieri Ortiz immigrant does not mean illegal  !!!!

neutral: Good John.. now call them up and tell them that Mr Trump's BILDERBERG GROUP terrorist organization is  bringing another herd of their slaves to their SOB Grand Masonic lodges..

neutral: "Juanita H. Smart  Seriously

neutral: "Simon Kitson I’m just messing with you

neutral: Nazi

negative: "Simon Kitson  Seriously? That was downright idiotic. (Going for #4

neutral: Simon Kitson I guess posing nude and marrying for money makes you smart

neutral: "No I love my job

neutral: Temicka Brown at least it'd be a free ride home

neutral: Simon Kitson ... didn't donnie mention chain migration? Does he mean melanoma's parents?

neutral: Simon Kitson Melania is legal citizen lol

neutral: John N Karen Morris  I copied this thank you for posting it! Very good information!

neutral: I'm illegall.....😉

neutral: Tommy Carpenter  There is a question mark about her status when she was doing her original porno shots. She might not have had the right visa for that. Also when she got her final visa she did so with a so-called Einstein visa which is supposed to be reserved for people who are exceptional in their line of work.

neutral: John N Karen Morris  Thank you! I have saved the numbers you provide and put them on speed dial.

neutral: "Temicka Brown  Ok

negative: John N Karen Morris  Can we ring about Melania? I’m worried about her status.

neutral: "Worley Michael

negative: Simon Kitson Simon says...stupid things...

neutral: John N Karen Morris they need to add another # for deaf folks to contact them via cellphone

negative: I'm reporting John n Karen Morris on suspicion of being in the US illegally. Is that one or two of you?

negative: Renieri Ortiz illegal is the word you need to research. ILL LE GULL (that's the pronunciation). Let's stick to the topic.

negative: Sofiane Hamouda I got stitches when an illegal immigrant attacked me.  I'd report.  They can come in the right way

neutral: "Renieri Ortiz 

neutral: John N Karen Morris  sombody report me like that thanks to them now I’m legal here jajajjaja

neutral: John N Karen Morris now thats a witch hunt... report people just cause ...

neutral: Worley Michael Lol shut up your kind don't know what fascism is...hint: It's not when your side loses an election and decides to engage in a corrupt witch hunt against a duly elected PoTUS.  Is that why it's been revealed they have NOTHING to link Trump to Russia? Mueller is a threat to our Republic and needs ousted.

neutral: I'm british and my Visa expired. I dare someone to report me!

neutral: John N Karen Morris I think you can call about Jess Castrejón and Sofiane Hamouda lol

neutral: "...they won't do anything...i know many who are here and working illegally...i know one that was pulled over for speeding

negative: "John N Karen Morris ""Hello Homeland Security. I'd like to report an illegal alien. She lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue

neutral: "Katie Vigna Some of us love our country

negative: Renieri Ortiz Illegals aren't immigrants you absolute fool.

neutral: John N Karen Morris not all of us are snitches John

negative: John N Karen Morris  report drunk driving

neutral: Hichem snitches get stitches

negative: "John N Karen Morris yes that is something a fascist cunt would do.  We know how to deal with fascism here.    To report a president that is a Russian asset

neutral: you would have been hitlers wet dream

neutral: Be careful dude ICE can take your European family back also😂🤣😂🤣

negative: "A drunk driver killed my friend

neutral: Josie Macias also your comment isnt showing up for me either. Idk why Facebook does this

negative: "How do they know immagration has slowed down? Seems to me alot more has gotten away with entering illegally. Because I knew a girl who dated an illegal and he beat her ass in front of her kids

neutral: Build that wall. It'll do wonders for america

neutral: https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/why-wall-wont-work

negative: I don't feed into propaganda I have seen first hand. Walls do work they are built all the time for the purpose of stopping things.  if the wall is in place then we can focus towards what comes in through ports without the worry of it crossing over the border unprotected. I challenge u to take down one wall from the outside of your home apartment etc and you will see that walls work and that just because you don't see what can go in or out doesn't mean that it doesn't.

negative: Daniel Alexander Allen this is the dumbest comparison on earth. Can't fix stupid is the real problem.

neutral: Daniel Alexander Allen Please provide a link to back up that statement or do you just make stuff up as you go along?

negative: https://www-pewresearch-org.cdn.ampproject.org/v/www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/12/03/what-we-know-about-illegal-immigration-from-mexico/?amp_js_v=a2&amp_gsa=1&amp=1&usqp=mq331AQCCAE%3D#referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&ampshare=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pewresearch.org%2Ffact-tank%2F2018%2F12%2F03%2Fwhat-we-know-about-illegal-immigration-from-mexico%2F

neutral: Chris Policronis what information specifically would you like

neutral: Build the wall

negative: Craig Peterson what American problems because of Americans.  Hmmmmmm?

negative: Chris Young so you can feel safe from the brown people?  The crime is happening already with Americans.

negative: Daniel Alexander Allen these people don't understand logic you're wasting your breathe

neutral: Felicia Peden Hill your comment isnt showing up for me for some reason

negative: Drunk driving is already illegal. Police are given tools to stop it

negative: Decline or not it's still a problem and it would help continue the decline allowing for focus to be driven elsewhere to further decline illegal immigration.

negative: And it's not just illegal immigration that its being built for.

neutral: I believe better funding and more modern boarder patrol will help. A wall   is fiscally irresponsible

neutral: "It will do nothing for drugs

negative: Daniel Alexander Allen How Many illegals should we deliver to your door. I am tired of them. It pulling they’re weight here in America.. Let them get in line and come in the legal way. https://www.watchdog.org/national/reports-illegal-immigrants-receiving-medicaid-costs-taxpayers-billion-annually/article_6a9860a6-d0bd-11e8-92ed-5bca8b2d3b38.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&utm_campaign=user-share

negative: Daniel Alexander Allen are you mentally defective? We have sovereign countries for a reason. Illegal alien means you are not supposed to be here and don't just get to waltz your way in here.

neutral: Victoria Kay Riddick Cochran Facebook is not allowing me to see any responses for some reason

neutral: Daniel Alexander Allen  well said

neutral: None of those are good arguments however our underprotected border is a good argument and for all the reasons you just listed along with many others. Our gov is starting to deal with American problems yet we fight them....should be excited that we are trying to do something for America.and encourage it so that it may continue.

negative: "Illegal crossing on the southern border has been on the decline in the past 10 years

neutral: Thank you sir for declaration of an emergency. You did the right thing. Fight fight sir.  Protect us all. Thank you..drain that swamp.

neutral: """ I didn't have to do this

neutral: "Ron Gagnon  In this great emergency

neutral: Ron Gagnon Thank you sir for going golfing in this emergency. You sir did the right thing. Golf Golf sir. Hole in one. Thank you..drain that putt.

neutral: He has been working nonstop lately let him play golf once in awhile obama did and went on many vacations on our dime

negative: Ron Gagnon  Democrats had no reason to keep from funding the wall since they voted for it previously in the Obama presidency.

neutral: It's really great for you and your like-minded friends to identify yourselves as happy to see the US Constitution under attack.

negative: Time for Trump to stop draining the SWAMP directly into The White House!!! The White House is in dire need of Liberation from Tyranny!!!

neutral: "Ron Gagnon; last post 2017. Comments are full of these revived

neutral: Sheikh F Shahel hello

negative: Ron Gagnon so you're saying once the wall is built there be no more shootings no more deaths no more drugs in the United States. You're a fool and Trump is using scare tactics. There was just a murder yesterday no one has said one word about that that's because the guy was in the u.s. citizen he shot and killed five people and wounded five others

negative: Ron Gagnon and Not??? He get anyway no cent. And if this Emergency is agsinst US Law than he get a slap right and left and it is Finito with American Idiot45. This Corrupt Criminal Mafiosi and Traitor and Nazi and Racists KKK Members and Traitors Liars Bigotic Moron Cheater and Blackmailer.  Better you stay in your Trailor Park Drink Beer play with Weapons. Advice : let Check your IQ

neutral: "Emil Dorr

neutral: "Steven J. Champlin once the wall is built

negative: The deepest swamp in the US is the corrupt Trump family - that's the national emergency

neutral: Mueller IS draining the swamp

neutral: "Ron Gagnon

negative: "Demonrats are too stupid to realize! These families are getting victimized TWICE!!!😡 Not only by the drunk driver! But

negative: For those who think there's no problem at the border...lend me your ear for a first hand story we heard today.  My son's  truck was stolen in San Antonio. Two weeks later they found it in Larado.  The sheriff said the seats are missing.  They take them out to fit more people to bring them across the border. They like the 4 wheel drives so they can drive through the ranches.  He said they get 200 stolen cars a day like this. Not 2 but 200!!! Multiply that by as many as they can stuff in the truck without any seats. Now multiply that by 365 days in a year.  Now tell me there's  no problem at the border and I will tell you you're crazy. Build the wall!!! I'm over it!!🙄🙄🙄

neutral: Richard Paff Agree

neutral: bull

neutral: "i think it shoild be publicized in any venue that people know how drugs

neutral: "i said this once-twice before

neutral: 200 a day? I call BS on that. The numbers of illegals crossing are way down from a decade ago according to the immigration and security services. This is BS

neutral: "Karen Dearham Grimaldi i just left LA 1 year ago. in 5 years I live in LA

neutral: Thank you Obama for setting precedent by declaring 13 emergencies so that we can have a BEAUTIFUL WALL....only good thing he ever did.....

neutral: "Kathy Finley Hayden

neutral: Bob Segal  35% is NOT polling number.  It is the percentage of his faithful base.  Try reading the entire post.  And I could care less what his approval rating is...he is worthless

neutral: I notice alot of people who just seem to strangely believe that once a new president come in he snaps his fingers and suddenly everything good that happens his because of him. The first 3 to 3 and half years the current president is riding on the previous one did like how Obama's first years and company unemployment and so on was thanks to goerge Bush goerge Bush was riding Clinton's so he had a surplus in the begening and Bill's didnt start well because of Reagan's deficit. Pay attention for one you can learn alot.

neutral: Bull O'Neill You obviously are repeating crap that you have heard and I gather do not spend much time reading and learning about the rescession…..Maybe this will help you a bit ….you will be hoping for another President like Obama by the time Trump is out of office because his spending is on steroids.....I am sure you won't believe me  but easily researched.....but you won't like the facts you will find out. He has never been fiscally good with his own companies that is why he has filed bankruptcy so often.     https://www.therichest.com/rich-list/the-biggest/the-top-10-biggest-spending-presidents/      https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/07/trump-budget-deficits-growing-big-spending-fiscal-irresponsibility/           and he isn't doing well in the way of trade deficits either despite his bragging...…     https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2018/08/03/trump-hates-trade-deficit-its-track-be-biggest-decade/?utm_term=.7f7f6ef1fee9\

neutral: "Keith Webber Jr.; last post 2015. Comments are full of these revived

negative: "Katie Ander I do read and you did not counter one thing I said.  You just come in with a condescending attitude.   Trump went bankrupt with so many of his companies? Yes

neutral: "Tyler Rogozinski except you neglect consumer and investor confidence with has an immediate effect.  Obama did everything he could to stop any growth and told people straight up ""1-2% is the new normal

negative: Keith Webber Jr. = ignorant trumpanzee

neutral: Keith Webber Jr. Trump used them as a prop.  Where were Parkland parents?

neutral: Democrats = Idiots

neutral: Sam Twal just stay in your own little world that the rest of us call California

neutral: Chris Mallory   Not quite zero.

negative: Keith Webber Jr. you stupid!!! Most of all you are probably on the system..

neutral: Hussein Obam needs to explain his Whabbist /Zionist agenda. Get 9/11 reinvestigated now and expose Hillary's ties to Huma whom she wanted to grant more power after her election. Thank goodness she lost.

neutral: Tommy Carpenter money .

neutral: "Victoria Deobald

negative: Victoria A Deobold is a fascist anti-Semite

neutral: Yes. And I can hardly wait for the next Democrat President to decide that the need for universal healthcare and sensible gun control and global warming are all national emergencies

neutral: Tommy Carpenter How was he voted in illegally?  He won the Popular vote and Electoral College vote each time ...Trump lost the Popular vote...even with Putin's help

negative: Keith Webber Jr.  You are wrong ..you must be in Trump's 35% base

negative: More Americans die at the hands of other Americans via gun violence but the wall is an emergency?

negative: Says the man hiding behind FB

negative: "Guns don't kill people

negative: "Keith Webber Jr. You get Lego Stones Troll. Than you can bulit when you finished with work  Wall 

neutral: "Charlesetta Brown yes

neutral: "Stay in Germany

neutral: Keith Webber Jr.  ahh ha yet the Dems think they have a fight lol wow

negative: Keith Webber Jr. not too bright are you???.....sad

negative: Charlesetta Brown the recession was in 2007 and 2008. He did nothing to end the recession. It was the Federal Reserve lowering interest rates to 0.

neutral: Charlesetta Brown Printing money every day was so easy for him...

neutral: Keith Webber Jr. Many National Emergencies were called prior to President Obama (why you all bring up Obama and Clinton all the time...get over them...focus on now)...but did Obama want to take money from the military or drug intervention programs? Trump himself ...in the Rose Garden... said..after he declared a National Emergency....he didn't need to do this now.

neutral: Do you Demtards even know what the word precedent even means???

negative: "Look an Angel Mom or Dad in the eye and tell them this is not an Emergency

neutral: Send me a pic Jason Ward.  I am interested in seeing this WALL that’s being built for a month.  💩

negative: "I guess it would be to much to ask Baby Killers to have sympathy for angel families and people who have died from drugs that have come across the border

neutral: "In February 2009

negative: Obama Worst president Ever...

neutral: Well that and he endorsed Hillary for President !!  😆 🇺🇸 MAGA

neutral: Sam Twal They already started here in Texas over a month ago. Come on down and see for yourself. 👌

negative: "Keith Webber Jr. of course since Obama never declared one to deny confess

negative: Brought us out of a recession.  That's why he was elected again

neutral: Keith has an ART degree.

neutral: "Bill Clinton Declared 17 Emergencies

neutral: What are you talking about Worley????

negative: Charlesetta Brown CNN/Money stated that Obama oversaw the worst recovery in the history of the US.  Only president to never see 3%+ annual GDP and that was with the Fed keeping interest rates at 0% for almost all of Obama's 8 years.

negative: Keith Webber Jr. gun reform 2020

negative: Only reason Obama was in office is cuz he was voted in illegally & Democrat knows it. He's anti-American & has been raised that way

neutral: Not likely soon

negative: "And the victims of Orlando

neutral: Lamphier--What is it that you want them to get??

negative: If your thinking they should take guns away that would just make matters worse. Look at Chicago as that example.

negative: "James Anderson If you’re thinking that bump stocks and large magazines should not  be illegal

negative: James Anderson or Australia? they banned guns no mass shootings since !!   infact none of the G20 have anything near our gun slaughter every week-why is that..  oh yes NO 2nd amendment....

negative: Kim Lamphier just because I don't think everything you said should happen doesn't mean I support the mass shooters. Do you even understand how dumb that statement sounds?

negative: Sad things happen all the time. You could just as well blame the shopkeeper for selling the beer. The place or person that sold him the truck. To focus on citizenship as a reason this happened is very petty.

negative: Jennifer Luthye thats the same thing. And is not what I said. I do not believe using immigration status as a reason someone would have lived or died.

negative: "Robert Dahlquist You did not read the article. Its about how just being an illegal immigrant caused someone to die. Alcohol is mentioned (unknown where it came from)

negative: "If it was your family member that died

negative: "Bill Reese unfortunate accidents happen all the time. This story is purely about blaming illegal immigrants. And I will still stand with that is petty. Might as well blame the place that made the beer

negative: "Kris Landers How hard for you is this to understand ??? If the person was never in the country

negative: "Margaret Charlton get your ignorance out of your ears. There are more factors than a simple statement to blame immigration status or lack there of. There is no actual evidence that this accident occurred because of immigration status. Peoples simple logic of well

neutral: or you for defending him?

neutral: Ron O'Hearn pretty ghost knife

negative: Ron O'Hearn no I am anti Trumps form of nationalism and the product that is starting to be produced here in America.

negative: Kris Landers that’s just stupid a person that’s not supposed to be in this country it is called a illegal alien that person should not be here to be able to drink to kill a person seems to me you’re not very smart actually the store owners fault also if she did not have a legal ID the store owner should be prosecuted and lose their liquor license to and get a fine but come onHopefully you don’t have that many rocks rolling around in your head

neutral: "Kris Landers hyperbole? Seriously? Its not. Also

neutral: Julie your not really clear what your trying to say.

neutral: "Kris Landers 

neutral: it's like you guys are in a competition to be the most bigoted

negative: "Kris Landers if a known serial killer was loose in your neighborhood would you lock your doors? An illegal immigrant is a KNOWN criminal

neutral: Kris Landers so those who befriend or stand behind illegals are to blame for illegals actions? I like that idea.

neutral: Kris Landers Trump Derangement Syndrome!

negative: no what is petty it you not understanding that this child wass taken by someone who shouldn't have been here in the first place.  so don't say it is an illegal thing when that is who killed there child.  see if you can get the congress or senate to pass a stiff law for anyone drinking and driving it won't happen cause they are the ones who are doing it all the time and walk away.  don't blame this parent =

negative: "Kris Landers the point is that if you ignore one Law

neutral: "Robert Dahlquist very good point. And very true! That's why as Servers

negative: Kris Landers This is so you here idiot! https://youtu.be/wDYNVH0U3cs

negative: Kris Landers Obviously Kris here has stopped going to her TDS treatments folks? It's not here fault!

negative: you are dog ass stupid

neutral: Ed Barnat hmm what is TDS?

negative: "Joseph Roy lets see the parents befriended some. They are actually to blame. Hard to swallow yet logically if they had not

negative: "Kris Landers way to blame the victims. Maybe if I don’t wear a short skirt

negative: "Kris Landers so if the “illegal” was kept out because the “illegal” doesn’t belong here

neutral: Nathan Berg well the thing is you can not prove it. And what your saying is a hyperbole.

negative: "Kris Landers sorry the wall will prevent further loss of funds why do they want to come here Free healthcare 

negative: Kris Landers What an idiot u r

neutral: "Yep

negative: "The person who sold him the beer didn't hold a gun to his head and force him to drink too much. The car dealer didn't force him at gunpoint to drive drunk. It's simply called TAKING RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR ACTIONS!! No one forced them to kill these people - they did this by themselves. So

neutral: "Kris Landers we are not saying citizenship status is the reason it happened. That's not the argument. The argument is

negative: Kris Landers and who should we blame for this? https://fox17.com/news/local/undocumented-immigrant-snuck-into-lebanon-home-raped-6-year-old-girl

negative: Joseph Roy ...Kris Landers missing the whole point. Plain and simple..this person should not be in this country. What part of illegal does she not understand? End of the day this young ladies life is gone as a result of an illegal immigrants action. Nothing petty about that.

negative: "Joseph Roy  it had to be Fox News 😂. Realistically tho are you stupid to the point where you believe rape will end in the us after all the illegals are gone? Will there still be innocent people getting shot by police

negative: "The Court: The President said he didn’t need to declare an emergency

negative: Drunk driving killed his daughter.. Many Americans drink and drive it’s an American society problem. If you really cared about this guy and his daughter you would address that.

negative: Dave Heffner it’s already illegal to cross the border

negative: Devin Diamond I don’t believe being illegal was the reason they didn’t press charges

negative: Samuel Tan Yuan Han Most illegal immigrants overstay their visas.. How’s a wall gonna address that issue?

neutral: Dedrick Jordan   Seek help.

neutral: Maximus Herrera i wouldn't try  it the rednecks don't take things lightly and you wouldn't like the ending if you tried ask one.

neutral: Jess Castrejón thats why he donated his salary to studying alcoholism. Action speak louder than words

neutral: "Also

negative: Deport the rednecks keep the illegals.

negative: Commie run Hollywood pushes drugs and substance abuse in their movies. They set out to destroy nation states from within.

neutral: "Maximus

negative: Jess Castrejón MAD is a group who does address this #MOTHERSAGAINSTDRUNKDRIVERS.

neutral: Many States have a 2x - 3rd jail. It helps until someone gets out. It's an addiction and needs treated as such. But it takes like all addictions. The addict has to work hard at staying sober for life. It's a decision with prayers. Illegals need to stay out of America period. They should be tried for murder ..

negative: Jess Castrejón yeah it’s honestly sad that he’s allowing his daughters death to be used in propaganda like this.

negative: It already is addressed as it is illegal to drink and drive.

negative: Jess Castrejón f@#& you ass hole

negative: "A drunk driver that was previously DEPORTED

negative: Laws against drunk driving are already in place and are enforced.  Immigration laws have become relaxed and people try to protect those who come here illegally.  Big difference in how the 2 are addressed.  Did my friend deserve to die when he was walking down the sidewalk and was struck by a female illegal immigrant and thrown 50 feet through the air and spending the next 2 weeks in the hospital before he died. The driver was sober and had no insurance and because of her status as an illegal the state's DA decided not to press charges she lives a happy life in Rockford illinois while an American family weeps.  So how will you defend something like this.  Even more so when the person that killed my friend had no legal right to even be in the country that my friend fought and served for.

neutral: "Um

negative: Devin Diamond  I’m so sorry for your loss:(

negative: "Paul Johnson Mr Affluenza killed several people; he was legal

neutral: "Devin Diamond my heart breaks for you

neutral: Samuel Tan Yuan Han and white men stole this land from the brown people.  So what’s your point.  You think your better than them?  You aren’t

negative: Debbie Bauman white people drive drunk every second.  AND

neutral: "Mystique

negative: Jess Castrejón I think the point is that had he not been in the country (was here illegally) he wouldn’t have killed her

neutral: Jess Castrejón has that not been addressed? Their are laws against drinking and driving already.

neutral: "Well

neutral: "Jeanie Railsback

negative: "Shirley Wilson and I must tell you our VA does suck....being ran by folks with no experience and don't care.Son just retired from AF

neutral: Jeanie Railsback and the democrats want to expand government health care to the whole country. SMH 🤦‍♂️

negative: Jeanie Railsback  Al-Bashir is killing the unarmed demonstrators by live bullets Al-Bashir is a dictatorship that oppresses people in satellite channels. The uniform is owned in Sudan. Bashir is holding people in detention camps until death. Join us in the intifada to gain our

neutral: "Jeanie

neutral: I really love your pictures and I will like to be a friend 413-353-4927 I will like to hear from you soon

negative: That's because he wasn't a pregnant illegal alien. They can get free Medicaid along with their anchor babies!

negative: Jeanie Railsback sorry about your husband but if he was an illegal he wouldn’t have to have insurance and his health care would be free in California!

neutral: Shirley Wilson “slapdash”????

negative: thats so stupid twat head libtard'

neutral: Jeanie Railsback that is why we should take care of ourselves instead of running to doctors and seeking pharmaceuticals for the sniffles.

neutral: That's true!!!!!

negative: "But I never go to doctors for sniffles....we farmed and knew how to stop the illness of our livestock.And everything else that goes along with a lifestyle of working for others...it's not just a job.But we couldn't afford health insurance. My husband was a very successful business man but we had no control over the price of our products.I worked for nothing but insurance for the last two years of his life at a school till  he passed from a rare neurological disease at 64. Insurance may not have prevented his death

negative: Sorry for your loss

neutral: Tommy Carpenter I am good....husband died peacefully at home where he had bought and paid for doing what he loved.😊

neutral: Jeanie Railsback  sounds like the doctor was the issue! Not the world

neutral: "Christine Huggard Roach which doctor....there were several

negative: Drunk drivers come from all walks of life. I'm sorry for the family. But it seems like alcoholism is the root cause of the epidemic that caused this death and thousands of others.

negative: The problem is when the immigrant doesn't face any charges because they are here illegally.   My uncle was killed in aurora colorado. He was hit by an illegal alien who was driving drunk without a license. The courts commuted his ENTIRE sentence so that he could be deported. So he is probably in mexico drinking beers with his friends while my aunt and cousins have no father or husband.

neutral: Syed Taqi talk about a STUPID thing to say. Wow. Smdh

negative: Syed Taqi missed the point stupid!!

neutral: I love that Donald J. Trump is working to protect Americans and he is acknowledging these angel parents to help them heal. ❤ May their children's deaths not be in vain.

negative: "Jennifer Berg Edmonson Approximately 1.4 million people have died from firearms in the U.S. between 1968 and 2011. This number includes all deaths resulting from a firearm

neutral: Jo Sechi And your point is?

negative: Jo Sechi Surely you're not implying that deaths caused by illegals are less significant because they are fewer than gun related deaths? And to go all the way back to 1968 to inflate the number? How many gun related deaths last year? This year so far? How many of those are outside Chicago? Don't preach to me about gun control. The number of American babies murdered since 1968 far outnumber the American lives lost to guns. SIT DOWN.

neutral: "To tell the whole truth

negative: "Sad to see this man has lost his lovely daughter. However

negative: "Chenier--This is just one case out of thousands every year. The liberal democrat media refuses to report on them

neutral: "Denise Pinto Chenier maybe you should lose a child to one

neutral: William Klier   How about you ask the parkland shooter families how happy they are about a wall but no gun reform 🙄

neutral: "Tony Rainwater armed guards at schools seems to be working these days

neutral: Denise Pinto Chenier maybe you should spend a week at the southern border and see for yourself before you decide and yes I have been there we live in Texas!!!

negative: An illegal grown man punched my 3 yr old granddaughter in the face.  A different illegals 9 year old daughter sexually assaulted my same granddaughter when she was 5. So I am strongly supporting this wall!

neutral: "If I read the case well

neutral: "Jennifer Yvonne Croff you are right

neutral: "Turns out

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/berniesanders/videos/324555401528107/

negative: This  is  a  tragedy  but  what  about  all  the  people  killed  by  drunk  American  drivers?

negative: """...what about all ...""  This or that? How about enforce the fucking laws.  That's should be the common theme."

negative: "Sharon Et Trina Bratley so we should do nothing to prevent some

negative: What about that drumf?  Ban alcohol?

negative: "Joseph Roy Yes we should and we should do something about all the white guys with guns killing all of our women and children too dont you think? Yet we do NOTHING

neutral: "Kelly Preiss Wilhelm white

neutral: Joseph Roy start with Americans first tho. That's where Trump should start

neutral: That is so very sad also.  But that isn't what this message stream is about.  You should start a new post on that one.    Surely you would get support for it.

neutral: Sharon Et Trina Bratley at least they problem had a license and insurance also won’t be driving

negative: Seven percent of the illegals crossing our southern border end up in our prison's.  We don't need to import more problems !

neutral: I would suggest that you deal with the ones you have at home first then.

negative: Sharon Et Trina Bratley  American drunk drivers get let off too !

neutral: Sharon Et Trina Bratley Exactly!!  Thank you.

negative: I'm so sorry for the loss of your lovely daughter. We lost a daughter three and a half years ago. She was 25. I am so sorry for you.

neutral: "Me too

neutral: Debbie Bauman I'm sorry. Nothing like it. It's really tough to lose a child. How old was your son?

neutral: Allyson Stuhlmiller 24 years old😪

neutral: Debbie Bauman close to my daughter's age. Do you track him still? What he'd be doing ? That sort of thing. He'd be 32 now? I'm sorry. He was old enough to know him as a man and the person he was becoming. Every year is a gift.

negative: "Allyson Stuhlmiller Everyday I miss him

negative: I am so sorry for your loss..❤

neutral: "Yes. I know what you mean. Time helps in some ways but not really. Every day without them gets harder too in many ways. It isn't like movies where it's a big emotional upset and then everyone moves on. Everyone around you has moved on but a big part of your heart is left in the past. Rachael was my dearest friend. I didn't know that until the night she died. The valley of the Shadow of Death is a dark place but there are so many wonderful people in there with us to encourage us along the way. It isn't a place we would ever choose to be

negative: Horrific stories and I cant believe most think there is no emergency.  There certainly IS.

negative: "We can come up with horrific stories about any group of people

negative: Someone stole one of my favorite dogs. Sometimes I'm really pissed off. Other days I'm sad.  I miss my dog.

neutral: "We were hit from behind while on the way to work. The driver of the other car

neutral: hummm maybe you might need to learn to be a better driver with all those wrecks.  just saying seems like it is always someone elses fault 2 sides to a story

neutral: "Annette Keller I used to drive for a living

negative: Stop the underground roads/tunnels that are secretly invading out country. Caterpillar equipment is building the underground. Stop it!!!

neutral: "Chris Easley get real

negative: "So sorry for your loss 

neutral: The Rio Grande river is too long for a fence on rancher lands. There ARE some walls around cities on the river...so make them stronger.

neutral: my condolences.  thanks for having the where with all to foster yourdaughters memory by putting forth your feelings on this subject for the good of america 😢🇺🇸

negative: An illegal alien driving a loaded simi ass-ended a line of cars stopped at a road repair who were waiting on the pilot car to get through. The older couple in the last car in line was smashed into a pickup. The pickup smashed into the back of a loaded cattle trailer and was deflected into the ditch. The older couples car was then smashed flat between the oncoming simi and the stopped simi and were killed instantly. The truck driver was an illegal and was burned in the crash. He was taken into custody and transported to OKC for treatment. There was never any news of what was done with him but I imagine he was released and hauled ass for Mexico leaving Americans with the medical bills and funeral expenses.

neutral: Paul Baker pretty common knowledge that illegals rarely have a driver's license and insurance.

negative: Can I just get my tax money back that you stole let the family deal with their own problem they aren’t worried about who killed my family member

negative: If anyone deliberately hurts or kills one of your family.  I for an eye tooth for a tooth.  Reports do nothing but appease the courts

negative: So very sorry for your loss.     It should of never happened.   God bless you.    My prayers are with you

neutral: Good morning & My best wishes to you both& yr family.Thanks for.remembering me & visiting here.

neutral: Family is the most important happiness in life. Everybody wished to spend their life with families. Me too.

negative: "We need tougher alcohol laws my 19 year old died of a bau of .53

negative: I am an angel mom...my 20 year old son died from a fentanyl overdose in 2017...build the damn wall

neutral: Amen! With you all the way! Answered the call on 9/11. Son answered it as well as a US Marine and still proudly served YOU and all of us!

neutral: "A US Worker allowed my son's wheelchair to roll off of a loading dock because they didn't put the brake on

neutral: Doing what's needed to have been done for DECADES....

negative: Nazi's used propaganda like Trump does to condemn the Jews.

neutral: Marla Herring Huh?

neutral: Stephen Mattison Now there's a mindless assertion....  Nice dream you must be living in.  Enjoy the delusion as long as you can....

neutral: Melissa Ann democrats and a few uncomparable Republicans. Our Presidents got this..

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/TheOther98/photos/a.115969958413991/2503185179692445/?type=3&theater

negative: It’ll probably be DECADES before trump’s declaration of a national emergency under false pretenses case leaves the courts

neutral: David Thoreson because you had that vision right David ?

neutral: "Hah

neutral: David Thoreson and the president would NOT respond for OUR safety

neutral: And people still not happy! 🤔

neutral: "The democrat communists are offering them all kinds of freebies and when they come they find out it was all a lie and they do what they known to do  best steal

neutral: Hussein Obama=Whabbist/Zionist. Get 9/11 reinvestigated now.

negative: Drugs are a choice that unfortunately many teens make...Innocent teens getting shot and killed in school is not a choice......Where is the national emergency?

neutral: David Monson 90 percent of drugs coming in from Mexico.

neutral: !00% of guns coming from NRA

neutral: "Walls didn't work

neutral: Because walls work

neutral: Veronica Torres precisely

neutral: The democrat communists lie everytime they open their mouths

neutral: "No one but this great man could withstand the abuse and the lack of support and still accomplish the unthinkable. You’re a warrior

neutral: Christine M Terry I prayed yesterday that the sun would rise today and it did!  HALLELUJAH!!!!

negative: Draft dodging warrior huh?

negative: Too bad the bill Trump signed allows DEM mayors and DEM municipalities to PREVENT the building of border barriers… Provisions within the 1200 PAGE LONG bill make building a wall IMPOSSIBLE — thanks Republicans!

negative: Christine M Terry you need you're head examed he will not get in for a second term he is trying too start a recession and that will cause a riot so shut up

negative: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/27/nyregion/trump-tower-illegal-immigrant-workers-union-settlement.html

neutral: Christine M Terry   I’ll Second that. !

negative: "If illegal immigrants are so dangerous why does he employ them at all his Trump properties?! The man lies to your face (every single day) and you love him

neutral: "A warrior??? I think NOT! He has bone spurs

neutral: Curtis Rice OMG! Your attempt at humor has literally BLOWN MY MIND😳

neutral: Obama? Lol

neutral: Does God not like Mexico then? Is he only helping America?

neutral: "John Steele Well

neutral: "John Steele The real question is “Does Mexico love God”

neutral: A warrior. Unless it's raining. Or if his bone spurs aren't acting up.

neutral: I agree and proud that you had an 18 year employee and who was employee of the month 13 times  wow  still kept to your conviction had the man deported !!  Can't say your not fair.  Now I know you will do the same with Melania's Family who got in via Chain Migration again because your a fair President and not the self serving hypocrite that anyone with an ounce of intelligence knows you are.   MAGA.

neutral: "Curtis Rice Sir

neutral: "lol

negative: Or maybe a narcissist idiot!

neutral: "if someone breaks into your home

neutral: Rich Pal both

negative: I understand if you react badly to this post because it's against your political views but you 400 or so people who laughed are disgusting. He lost his DAUGHTER. this is NOT a funny post whatsoever.

neutral: Do you mean walls like most of the ones that are against it has around their homes?  Umm makes since to me !

negative: "Channel 3 here in Phoenix interviewed a Dad who lost his son to a multiple DUI offender

negative: "There is a 10yr old an hour from here that would like to give her opinion but she can't. She was picked up at church and then raped

neutral: Feb 15th at 11:00 am. I sent my 2 letters to the psychiatrist saying i do not consent to abilify cause of adverse drug reaction and the other that i will further discuss with the media if she continues with other meds. All day noone came to pick me up to take me to the hospital. If it was such a concern i would have been in again. Postponing my review panel until i get another lawyer this time low income. Unless they decide its not worth it anymore. They wasted my time with bs. I need to work! Back to work tonight thank god! Dont worry Donald justice will prevail!

neutral: I just don't understand how American people can feel more sympathy for illegals than their own fellow Americans. Pretty sure the left is totally anti everything American :(

negative: Jim Villella Democrats dish out the same insults sadly.

negative: "Kendall M Baxter no

neutral: "140 Democrats last week voted against a resolution in Congress condemning the act of allowing illegals to vote in our elections.. While they've been screaming foreign interference

negative: Larry Fields and the sad part is the left sees nothing wrong with this. And you are exactly right!!

neutral: "Maureen Hersey Brown you wouldn't because you have never been opressed

negative: "Maureen Hersey Brown get your asses out of other countries and then talk.  The sad part about it is.  A white man would kill you quicker if you took your front door off.  I guess you whites think your god fearing righteous citizens.  Don't make me laugh.  Look at who have been the serial killers

negative: Babi Nikki That was the most ignorant comment yet. You need to learn some American history . My grandmother immigrated from Ireland the correct way. We as a nation have laws and they are to be upheld to protect our Country. All you have is what you regurgitate from the liberal socialist side. Educate yourself before you post comments.

negative: Babi Nikki The reason black  people were brought here was black Muslims who captured and sold them to Dutch and Portuguese slave traders and brought them here to be sold to the American slave market. If you want to know where the origins are of your slave people look to your own black Muslims.

negative: "No emergency

negative: Maureen Hersey Brown  You are a moron if you believe that

neutral: "Maureen Hersey Brown I can't believe the lack of compassion and empathy by these liberals.  They say

negative: "Maureen Hersey Brown .... Want to know why just look at the way trump's supporters berate and call Democrats and other political critics vile names (as trump does to his critics).  i have immigrants living in my neighborhood and they are way more decent than some of trump's that one sees in his posts.  Incidentally

neutral: Stephen Edwards then take your front door off where you live and see how long before you have uninvited company.

neutral: "Jim Villella then why does anyone build a wall? It's to keep out what you don't want in...and as far as name calling

negative: They are some strange aliens. They can’t be from this world.

neutral: Maureen Hersey Brown its the democrats

neutral: Because are people too

neutral: Maureen...are you saying we should put a wall around Chicago?

negative: Maureen Hersey Brown becaus theyre braindead sheep!  They believe what the evil scum tells them!

neutral: Perry Hess  Amen.

neutral: "we don't 

neutral: Protection is what we all need. I agree with you on that Donald J. Trump.  but my dear man I fear there are more dangers non of us know of.  I don't know.  All I can do is keep you in my prayers and all of America in my prayers. Gobleablly that is.

neutral: "I am not picking on Donald J. Trump screw that am sure he wouldn't actually wrestle me because I am a girl but if it were a wrestling match or just romping around like a bunch of kids yea I would bet he would be tough as nails to wrestle. Heck my brothers and sisters and I are all in our 10s

negative: "My son was killed by a drunk driver also. That man was from Long Island New York. Should we put a wall there too? Odds are in the years both of us lost our kids to drunk drivers the majority of them were born & raised in the USA. Does one death matter less because of the who or where they were from?  Yes laws need to be enforced all the way around but especially on the employers that hire undocumented workers.Something so many neglect to mention or enforce. Seems even Trump branded businesses like to hire the undocumented.  Not sure a wall in the middle of the desert would make much of a difference. Ports of entry

negative: Sorry about your son 😥

negative: Not a bad thought.  It should be part of a discussion of best ways to address any problem.

negative: How can people just not view west coast drug crime and neverending homeless people with drug psychosis as a direct relation with that border

neutral: Brian Feeley Chuck Schumer is the biggest HYPOCRITE GOING!!!!

neutral: It's alright when they wanted to do it an all agreed but it's just because Trump is not a life long politician they don't want him to do it an look like a hero after it stops all the drugs an massive crime from pouring into our country it's a fucking joke

neutral: "Veronica Torres

neutral: How can you not associate mass shootings in this country to easy access to firearms?

negative: John Garrison I was agreeing with you idiot? Geeze?

negative: Sue Carol How long have guns been around in this country Sue! People are get desensitized in this world today with death ! If they want to kill and don't have a gun they will use a car or a knife

negative: "DemoRATS are the new Anti American movement! With their Abortion till full term 

neutral: "John Garrison your government makes million bringing it in

neutral: John Garrison they don’t want to

neutral: Thats true.

neutral: "John Garrison TDS blinds most people of common sense is why! Example

neutral: Ed Barnat grow up.

negative: There's a serious problem at our Southern borders.

neutral: "The democrat communists lure the illegals and when they are here they find out it was all a lie

neutral: dEmOCrAt CoMMuNisTs!@?#!?

neutral: "Veronica.. you are being played by Mr Trump's satanic bilderberg group Freemason demons.  They are the MSM

neutral: John Garrison lol

neutral: Mexico doesn't border our west coast. The Pacific ocean does.

neutral: https://youtu.be/tlfOPvUABnw

negative: Maybe if some of these protestors could feel the pain and loss you have they would have a different opinion.  I pray God will comfort you and all the others who have suffered this great loss.💕

neutral: "You mean like the parents of the kids at Sandy Hook

negative: Young woman from NY was just murdered by an 🚫 illegal her body put in a suitcase and dumped on the side of a road in Connecticut. BUILD THE WALL

neutral: "Mary Larkin American people will receive a smaller refund this year after filing their income tax returns. The Republican/Trump tax cuts is a big scam that only benefits the rich. That's all Paul Ryan wanted; he got it and ran away.    “Lower tax refunds might hurt the economy. If Americans are getting less money back

neutral: That's What sanctuary cities are all about

neutral: Javoris JV Dubose I have to disagree with you I'm not sure what you're doing wrong is everybody in New York is getting a higher refund and last year. So you better find a new accountant even with New York high tax rate we are winning. Maybe you don't pay taxes I don't know why you post this

neutral: He flew in from Portugal. He's Portuguese. Build a wall at the airport he flew into.

negative: Mary Larkin and Ted Bundy killed a lot of white girls too.  What is your point.

negative: Sorry for your loss.  There are many of us who stand behind Trump and the wall.  We must stop the illegal immigrant invasion.

neutral: "Except

negative: "I want to protect Mexico from the guns flowing in to the cartels’ hands from the US.   Protect little Foreign boy’s and girls from being smuggled north and raped by rich pedophile Hollywood Elites and  other Democrats.  Stop powerful drugs that are being introduced to all races of Americans and wreaking havoc on their lives

negative: The democrat communists offer them all kinds of freebies and when they come here they find out it was a lie ? How would you react? So its all the democrat communists plan to destroy America and become kings and make us slaves

neutral: Tyler Loving that is BS propaganda you are trying to spread

neutral: Mike Charles wall

neutral: First off.. they are Americans..

neutral: Dave Thompson what are you even babbling about?

neutral: They are the mulattos from the great abysmal swamp in North Carolina and Virginia that we freed in 1865.  This is their country.

neutral: John Jacob 💯💯💯👍🏻

neutral: hOLLYWOOD=jEWIISH RUN COMMIE AGENDA

neutral: You just saw the future

negative: Dave Thompson Yes they are Americans.  South Americans to be precise.  But they are NOT UNITED STATES  CITIZENS!  They are CITIZENS of the country they came from and chose to come here ILLEGALLY.  They should have done it the RIGHT way.  APPLY for CITIZENSHIP!!!

neutral: John Jacob google trump Epstein Clinton. They are pals

neutral: So go over there and do what you say you want to do. Nobody's stopping you

neutral: "Please

neutral: "Here is an idea... there are 2

neutral: "It's one tool Lori Olson Rasmann

neutral: "Steve M Souza What happens when it’s not finished by the time he’s out of office. I’m sure you have an answer for that too. Even if he were to be re-elected

neutral: Nikki Graham How do you know this? Did you read the bill? Who is your source?

neutral: "On the contrary

neutral: "If it can save even one life we should build the wall

neutral: Michael Thompson been to places with walls too  Seen mfers climbing over them

neutral: "Wayne Brunner

neutral: "Gus Keller I'm sure you have. You've probably seen ""mfers

negative: Michael Thompson You've never been to a US where every single gun was banned and the ban was enforced.

neutral: "Anna Sophia Wheland I am sure you have decided to believe that not banning guns -and not having sensible

negative: Michael Thompson Let's compare.  I'll let you look up the number of people actually dead from far right shootings/stabbings in teh US vs from undocumented shootings/stabbings in the US just during trump's term to date.  I know you wouldn;t believe the facts if I looked them up for you; but I can give you a hint: the far right victims are higher...

negative: "Art Jackson Unless your numbers include the hundreds of millions of disarmed people that have been killed by their communist/socialist governements then you are pissing up a rope. But

neutral: Art Jackson please show me those facts.

negative: "Anna Sophia Wheland Don't hold your breath. I'm still waiting for someone to explain to me why the lax gun laws cause gun violence in areas with strict gun laws

negative: "Michael Thompson  yes!! But Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: Democrat communists dont want to make America better they want to make America worse so they can hidr their crimes

negative: Michael Thompson you mean places that are surrounded by states with extremely lax gun laws ?

negative: Charles Boyd JFC another delusional one who believes in the communist utopia of no guns except for the govt will keep us safe BS. Guess what- the govt doesn’t give a damn about you. You are a liability to them and liabilities are expendable. Learn your history boy.

neutral: "Charles Boyd Didn’t they do that in Chicago

negative: How about the killings in Illinois yesterday? Would a wall have prevented that? Would a wall have prevented the shootings in Parkland? In Aurora?

negative: Let us compare.  I live in Indiana with lifetime gun permits and we have one bad county in the state Lake County.  Tons of bad people live in Lake county rest of state is fine.  Illinois has strict gun laws and is a shithole full of shootings.  It is definately the people not the guns killing people.   If not guns they would stab each other because they act like animals that don't care about human life.

negative: "Larry Lubiner What a stupid question

negative: "Charles Boyd If the lax gun laws surrounding gun free zones is the problem

neutral: Donna Davis Nice picture. I could have mistaken it for Kermit Gosnell's abortion clinic.

neutral: "Michael Thompson if that's the case let's ban guns. It will save a life 

negative: I've been to places where guns are banned. Sure are a lot of people getting shot in those places.

neutral: Charles Boyd not banning guns will save more lives.

neutral: Michael Thompson https://www.facebook.com/roguepressbriefs/photos/a.219075375254770/550355752126729/?type=3&theater

neutral: "Yeah liberal morons have been saying if gun control saves one life its worth it

neutral: You know best President Trump!! You do what you need to do!  Your base is behind you 💯 🇺🇸❤️

neutral: CliffandKim Ferrell ....52% approval!

neutral: Marjorie Anderson  why are these trolls even on Trump’s page lol?

neutral: CliffandKim Ferrell ....they are desperate! Trump is winning for America and they cant stand it! Their hate for him is greater than wanting to see America win! How sad is that?

negative: CliffandKim Ferrell don’t you wonder how many of the trolls on this page are actually illegal themselves??

neutral: CliffandKim Ferrell That is RIGHT!  Trump 2020!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Janie Rogers Doss  yep!!

neutral: CliffandKim Ferrell he know how to eat

negative: Hal Eric Mitlitsky oh you mean AOC? She’s definitely mentally and emotionally damaged.

negative: Kathy Finley Hayden https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/27/nyregion/trump-tower-illegal-immigrant-workers-union-settlement.html

neutral: His meager 35% base that cannot think for themselves

neutral: "CliffandKim Ferrell   Republicans think we hate Trump more than we love America.  The truth is

negative: "CliffandKim Ferrell   Not to worry

neutral: Kathy Finley Hayden it’s way more than 35%

neutral: Hal Eric Mitlitsky if you think America was headed in the right direction before Trump that’s the problem!

negative: Hal Eric Mitlitsky  you are obviously not keeping up with the news.  No collusion.  Just 2 years of wasted money and time because Dems can’t accept Hillary’s defeat

negative: My mom was hit by an illegal immigrant and he tried to drive off. He pulled out in front of her and totaled her car. On another occasion my dad was hit by one going the wrong way and drunk on the highway. Totaled his car and hurt him pretty bad.

neutral: "And I had my vehicle cracked into in a parking space

negative: Angel Neavin Im sorry to hear that and hope they are ok. When I was 14 years old a car load of illegals had been drinking and they ran into my cousin and her friend (in Texas) who were on a motorcycle. They were killed.

neutral: "One man

neutral: "Craig Shurick 

negative: What about the thousands who have been brutally murdered by Americans who never should have been allowed a gun in the first place?? Gun reform works.

neutral: "Emily Neal omg

negative: "Emily Neal I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat

neutral: "the 2A was written to protect us from libtards...the side of castro

neutral: Tyler Dougherty so the same sense would be made for a wall??

neutral: Emily Neal lmfao you ever heard of Chicago? Look it up ! One if the safest cities in America with the strictest gun laws around!

neutral: Emily Neal we are discussing the wall.

neutral: Emily Neal The only way to prevent the government from becoming  too powerful is our guns. TYRANNY. Protection

neutral: "Emily Neal Americans will never go for it. They are smart enough to know that only the law abiding will turn in guns

negative: Emily Neal underground weapons🙄 will always make it into the hands of criminals thus we don’t need to make laws making it harder for upstanding citizens with no record to own them!

negative: "Emily Neal so more gun laws that criminals wont obey

negative: Places that have the strictest gun control measures have the most gun violence making it harder for law abiding citizens to have guns while criminals continue to get them however they please makes zero sense! It makes people less safer!

neutral: "Where’s the data for this? I don’t believe your statement.   Let me tell you a story. Someone wants to shoot a big bunch of kids

neutral: "Emily Neal let me continue your story.  So

negative: Emily Neal new laws will not stop a criminal from getting a gun.

neutral: Make love on guns .I dare you .in fact if your sooo convinced .then rather than use government forces to enforce your views come take my guns yourself

negative: This chick is dumb as hell. They do have background checks. In fact you go on a 3 day waiting list. I can go down to the corner of my house in the ghetto and buy a gun off the streets with no background check and the gun won't even have a serial number on it also known as a throw away. So again remind me how gun control is gonna work??? 😂😂😂😂

neutral: "Emily Neal

negative: "5 Americans killed in Aurora

neutral: Charlesetta Brown um...walked

negative: "Charlesetta Brown sooo....it was the same worst instincts while Bush 

neutral: "Charlesetta Brown 6 billion for a wall meant to protect us...vs the 10.6 billion dollars that was given to Mexico last year just before the shut down 

neutral: Charlesetta Brown but we can spend a hundred and forty billion dollars a year on Medicare Medicaid food stamps whatever you want to put to it 4 illegals in this country?

neutral: "Pay attention please.    Experts have reported that  ""The Wall ""  will not keep out illegals.  Therefore

neutral: and many experts say it will

neutral: What experts Ron O'Hearn?

negative: https://www.npr.org/2019/01/10/683662691/where-does-illegal-immigration-mostly-occur-heres-what-the-data-tell-us

neutral: A wall will force those seeking refuge to come through a legal port of entry

neutral: "Deb Shriver try 54 million

negative: "Re: Aurora. I could ask? Why so many murders in or near Chicago

neutral: "Sandy Seaney Mahady

negative: "There has been more than 1 illegal that is responsible for the death of innocent Americans.  And just yesterday there was a fentanyl bust that could be responsible for 4

neutral: "Deb Shriver

neutral: Charlesetta Brown better check with Obama’s Chief Border Guard.  Apparently he isn’t listening to you or any other liberal.  He supports Trump on his decision to build a wall.  Doubt the veracity— google it and find out for yourself.  Interesting that a former Obama official agrees with the Trump administration.  Especially since he is the individual one should listen to.

neutral: "Tim Somolitis

negative: One illegal????You better get some facts together.

neutral: Charlesetta Brown who told you that?Ask some people living near the border!

negative: Charlesetta Brown Illegal entry is criminal.They can go through legal channels!

neutral: "Marge Hackett

neutral: "Larry Fields

neutral: "Completely agree

neutral: "Charlesetta Brown they are more than welcome IF they come in legally.  The problem is

neutral: "In a sense

negative: Charlesetta Brown r u crazy one crime ? Open yoyr eyes . There is crime by the hour from these illegals. Not to mention these drugs are kids are getting from them. You people need to wake up

negative: You people need to believe the experts and not lying Trump.    A Border Wall isn't the answer. Most illegal immigrants overstayed their VISAS or entered through legal points of entry.

negative: Charlesetta Brown please provide the name and address of your loved one for the next death cause by an illegal!!

negative: Shut up STUPID

neutral: "Gary Hooper

neutral: Charlesetta Brown one ? Ummm...ya may wanna check your facts

negative: Charlesetta Brown its waaaaay more than one plus them being here is a crime itself. Hence the name ILLEGAL

neutral: "Laurie

negative: "Charlesetta Brown there are tons of crimes by illegals that go unreported by media. And

negative: "I am saddened to hear of your daughter's death

neutral: I agree!! Wish your congress people agreed

neutral: If teleportation. Is to be exsplan will trans°mute de°mure save the body or. if body anadamy of a female falopeintubes can incubate life preservation geneticly Revitalize - + organisms by molecule

negative: "So sad

neutral: Thank you President Trump for all the great things you have done for us.

neutral: "Rosemarie Cwiertniewicz; last post 10/17. Comments are full of these revived

negative: "Nearly killed my son w/Meth & Heroin

neutral: "...and yes

negative: Cal Phillips  soo..... u blaming immigrants for selling ur kid drugs that he bought with his money and his decision hmmm in that care i got 6 friends that are white and sell cocain heroin weed flaka acid xanax  and one of my friends is hispanic and died because of one of them how bout give the land you guys took stingy ass crackers

negative: "Andres Zapata sorry

neutral: "Can't wait for future presidents to call national emergencies on healthcare

neutral: "Julie Albers Hampe I guess if you like drug traffickers

neutral: Joan Travis the amazing thing is all the previous real national emergencies received bipartisan support from Congress.

negative: Betty Bilbrey Yep.  The dems are pretending nothing is going on down here.  I just tell them to have another cup of covfefe and settle down.  🤣🤣🤣

negative: Joseph Nowik There is big difference between building a wall on our border and trying to revoke our rights. If you cannot see that you're a moron.

negative: Joseph Nowik its not an overreach. Since the 1970s therr has been nearly 40 national emergencies declared. Its only because it Trump the snowflakes are crying.

neutral: "Joseph Nowik 

neutral: Julie Albers Hampe the money was released money that belonged to Iran. Get the facts.

neutral: Antonio Acquarelli end running Congress is true overreach.  Take off your MAGAt hat and give your brain some oxygen.

neutral: "Dennis McCullar if lives is the criteria

neutral: Joseph Nowik I feel sorry for you. You can't be happy about any how well our country is doing. Maybe Venezuela is a better fit for you. TRUMP 2020!!

neutral: Prior to 911 we didnt need id to fly... So many of these people out of the 11 million came.. Many years ago.. There not crawling threw the desert

neutral: Tudy Anderson Latulip true. And on 9/11 Congress agreed with President Bush because that was a real national emergency.

negative: Joseph Nowik So read the constitution. Impeding the second amendment is a big no no. We've already made allowances. Now they should fund the laws in place.

neutral: Crystal Maskell Carey what part of well regulated militia do you not understand?

neutral: A little history... https://youtu.be/0TGcU0lmINk

neutral: Joseph Nowik they can’t touch the 2nd amendment but nice try

negative: """The only national emergency is that our president is an idiot"" — Ann Coulter"

neutral: You show me in the Constitution where it states you can not use money to protect the US citizens

negative: Joseph Nowik  Juarez mexico is one of the most dangerous cities look it up . Its behind our border and if them walls are not fully secure or they come down thier dangerous city will be part of our country because they can walk over . Think about that ! Think about your family to be safe.

neutral: "Not new. Clinton did 17

negative: "Joseph Nowik which will be declared illegal and unconstitutional

neutral: If you ask the American citizens on the border they will say otherwise

negative: How is building a wall to protect our citizens a violation to our constitution???

neutral: Mark Desautels Jr. Because only Congress appropriates funds. Trump is taking funds for other designations and plans to use those moneys for his wall. Understand?

neutral: "Joseph Nowik

negative: Republicans are murdering exponentially more people by denying the affordable health care and drugs than people being killed by illegal aliens. I'm sure most killings by illegal aliens are domestic or murders of people they know. Illegals aren't running around shooting people for the hell of it. But stupid Trump followers believe what ever the orange toad tells them.

neutral: You mean the wall that we need because we have people coming over here illegally and breaking laws. Yeah sounds like a national security issue to me. Btw the Constitution also states to protect the American people which a wall does. Understand?

neutral: There are federal codes that allow him to protect the homeland.

neutral: Its against the constitution by using money from the treasury

neutral: "Joseph Nowik Yeah-- like when Obama bypassed Congress and gave 150 billion dollars to Iran under the cover of darkness.  He declared 13 National Emergencies

negative: "Joseph Nowik not you again with your stupid ass s***. He didn't create this

neutral: Joseph Nowik all presidents have called national emergencies.  I can’t wait until people know what they are talking about before spouting off.

neutral: Joseph Nowik TRUMP 2020. Sad our representatives don't care about America.

negative: Betty Bilbrey 9/11 was an emergency. Waiting two years and not getting your way after a temper tantrum is not an emergency.

neutral: Tudy Anderson Latulip sad our president doesn't care about the Constitution.

negative: "Betty Bilbrey ""The only national emergency is that our president is an idiot"" — Ann Coulter"

neutral: Betty Bilbrey Exactly.

neutral: BUILDING THE WALL.liberal secure ing our boarders. TY PRESIDENT TRUMP.

neutral: You have been conned!  Paying Osama bin laden and George Soros and George W Bush won't fix anything.  A tall tree and a short rope is all you need to stop them.

neutral: Anyone with any common sense or lives close to a border knows we need to build a wall and protect our country

negative: Nancy J. Seddon liberals lack common sense. Heck now they have several that support killing full term babies and have anti-semites in their ranks.

neutral: The majority living in the area are against it.

negative: Prison walls will keep us safe from you.

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/codunces/photos/a.181488645347809/1142734959223168/?type=3&theater

neutral: Hal Bannasch  beware of the bull when your inside the wall

neutral: "Hal Bannasch those walls are to keep people in and not out...also

negative: Hal Bannasch you sir are an ass

neutral: Dale Murphy 😂😂

negative: You’re disgusting for using the death of someone for political gain

neutral: "Estefania Torres Restrepo so how does anyone accurately determine how many people or the amount of drugs have came into the US undetected?  That's right

neutral: Estefania Torres Restrepo you grow up

neutral: "James Brubaker  Okay just did

neutral: "Terri Reeves there is an enormous amount of scholarly literature on the analysis of REAL data received from border agents and agencies. There is an enormous amount of data available after decades of research

neutral: Just like the demo leaders using shootings to further their gun grabbing bullshizz??

negative: David Woodsmall the difference is their using those events to push for reform that can actually save lives in the future. A border wall is ineffective in preventing these deaths

neutral: """Could've been my son!"""

neutral: Estefania Torres Restrepo The southern border might as well be considered a port of entry. Cause they sure as heck enter through it. We cant just have open desert between the two countries where people are free to roam back and forth.

neutral: Estefania Torres Restrepo A Wall will keep out hundreds of illegals. Then more attention can be given at legal ports of entry to stop drugs flowing into the country. More people could be after the over stayed visa people.

neutral: Estefania Torres Restrepo political gain🙄 how about safety....using the deaths to show a secure border is necessary!!!

negative: You're disgusting for not having normal compassion for a man who lost a child. Hatefulness is the new normal for liberals it appears.

negative: Guess he learned from the Democrats on how to exploit situations.   Democrats are professional victims !

negative: What is disgusting is that You can't accept the truth more reality

negative: Estefania Torres Restrepo not if we get enough ice agents to round them up and throw them the hell out of here

negative: Mike Charles I’m the only one posting facts and figures collected by research organizations.  Please feel free to post the information you guys have backing up your understanding of illegal immigration.  Also I’m not sure how this has anything to do with Republicans or Democrats. This is about what is the most effective tool to deal with illegal immigration and understand the actual statistics put forth by those who study illegal immigration.

neutral: "Estefania Torres Restrepo California  LARGEST INSANE ASYLUM IN THE WORLD  Interesting that the LA Times did this. All the others are staying away from it. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican

neutral: "Estefania Torres Restrepo you aren't very bright are you. 94 percent of border agents

negative: "Interesting you talk about research because you haven’t posted a link to any article. Can you post a link to the article you received these statistics?  Here is an LA Times article posted Last week saying that there isn’t a crisis at the border.   https://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-trump-speech-immigration-border-crisis-20190206-story.html  Also I’m not sure how the history of the country I was born in should have any say in who I am as a person? What if I judged you on the history of America? Last I checked

negative: I thought the same thing. Trump is disgusting. His supporters are sycophantic dogs.

negative: "Estefania Torres Restrepo look it up you moron. Look up what the border agents

neutral: Estefania Torres Restrepo Exactly!

neutral: Because the father of the slain daughter is agreeing we need it is totally political.

negative: You are disgusting because her life means nothing to you. She and all the others who will be killed by someone who has NO right to be here are the reason we need a wall!! You actually have a higher chance of being affected by an illegal as you are part of the Latino community.

negative: Idiot

neutral: "He isn't trying to get elected over 

negative: Austin Baker he’s using the death to push for his border wall which he INCLUDES in the headline.   EXCEPT a wall will do nothing for illegal immigration. They overstay their visas or come in with forged documents. The ACTUAL drugs and crime come through vehicles through legal ports of entry.   He’s not asking you to pay for immigration suppression but an entire waste of money that’s more symbolic of America than it is an effective tools

negative: The reason Democrats don't want walls is because they get kickbacks from all the drug cartels... That would stop all of that

neutral: Valerie Siggson  yep because Trump can’t be bought!!

neutral: Valerie how are you doing

negative: Valerie Siggson idiot

neutral: "Oh

negative: "You meant to write something about the kickbacks from all those for-profit detention companies and all those contractors

negative: Valerie Siggson FAKE NEWS!

negative: Walls don’t bring dead people back maybe see if therapist instead or try thinking for yourself

negative: My Heart... The declaration of a state of emergency should have occurred at the beginning of 2017... And not now...

neutral: "Wondering why exactly?  I mean

neutral: Art Jackson  Dear... The problem of immigrants before the elections before 2016... The problem is outdated... But at the beginning of 2017... Congress was Republican... The wall and its problems will not affect the 2020 elections... Like now... On the contrary it will be positive... and other things...

neutral: "The wall along with better technology

negative: Try taking a good look at the northern border.  No wall.  Other methods. Terrific security.  And they aren't working on stopping poor terrified people trying to get away from conflicts we are partly responsible for...they are trying to make sure nobody gets to us through them and pulls another 9/11.  This wall is a waste of money.

neutral: "First of all

negative: "WHY is declaring a National Emergency to address a National Emergency in The United States considered wrong? There are 28 current National Emergencies

negative: "waiting 2 years to declare an emergency is hardly addressing an emergency if he waited until after he didnt get his own way to call it 

neutral: Waiting for congress to fund the act passed years before by the democrats to secure the border. Do you think he wants to take this to Supreme Court?

negative: Jim Russell cuz it is not an emergency

negative: "Angela K Christensen You can’t have national security without border security. It’s not only necessary for any meaningful immigration reform; border security plays a crucial role in both the interdiction of illegal drugs and in defending America against criminal threats. Weak borders allow criminal and smugglers

negative: "And Mexico will pay for it!!! (oh

neutral: "What about protecting our kids and families from shooters like yesterday’s

neutral: "Why don't you stay focused

neutral: "James Ellis great response

negative: "The driver was wrong but this is why you LOOK and pay attention when using a crosswalk. Just like you should never rely on the safety of a gun

negative: Jordan Miller have you ever thought about the fact that the driver was drunk? He was obviously going very fast if he hit her that hard and some terrains make it hard to see when people are coming down the street. Shame on you for having absolutely no soul and saying it was her fault.

negative: "Alyssa Taylor he was drunk. But like I said this was a drunk idiot problem

negative: Alyssa Taylor and I’m not saying whose fault it is. Does it really matter to the dead person whose fault it is? If I have the right of way at the intersection and someone hits me and kills me - I’m still just as dead. No matter whose fault it is.

negative: Jordan Miller wrong again. Had he not been here it would not have happened . Build the wall keep america safe. You people need to open yoyr eyes and take your rose colored glasses off. What a shame to see so many not wanting to pertect the american people. I am sure you and everyone elese has a fence or locks yoyr doors hey how bout shuts your doirs . Why do you have and do these things if walls dont work....

negative: You are a heartless human.  I hope you never have to feel the pain of losing a loved one. He made a bad decision to drink and drive. He shouldn't have been  here in the first place and of story. They may never get justice for their daughter and that's so sad.

negative: "Jordan Miller I think there is still outrage but personally I dont see or hear about as many Russians or Ukrainians walking or driving across the desert to illegally gain entry into our sovereign nation. We cant just have wide open deserts without any type of boundary. Its been open for years and our citizens have been having to deal with people illegally crossing borders

neutral: BUILD THE WALL AND MAKE THEM GO THROUGH THE LEGAL CHANNELS TO COME TO THE US.

negative: Dee Dee Kelly Colvin its sad that there are SO many illegals here

neutral: Same way your ancestors did

negative: "So sorry

negative: Same with all of us Americans who have lost family members to gun violence. Not one word ever said by Donny about that.

negative: Kelly Preiss Wilhelm I never want to see anyone killed period. He does talk about it though.   “It’s criminals which will always have guns “. We could ban all guns in America.   The criminals would still have them.  Gun control only disarms the good ppl.  I’m so sorry you lost someone to this crime invested country.  And we all need to work together to push out the bad.  Not argue.  There’s a lot more good ppl than bad.  Ppl has to stand up to the thugs.  They’re out numbered by far.

neutral: Build that wall . Then build more of that wall . We just can't get to much wall .

negative: Richard Rouse  So dumb

neutral: *too

negative: Poorly educated tRumper.

negative: Her father is the one who said to not use her death for political reasons....

neutral: President Trump Is Building The Wall For The American Peoples Safety. Making America Great Again 👍

neutral: An American just murdered 5 Americans and this is his focus 🤦🏻‍♀️

negative: I guess it means nothing to you that when an illegal commits a murder in this country.......YES that is his focus and it should be.............

negative: Mike V. Radatti more Americans are killed by fellow Americans with guns than anything else including drugs from over the Mexican border and illegals put together

negative: Jacqueline Alas exactly!

negative: Jacqueline Alas laws against murder already on the books and enforced. We are demanding the remainder of our laws are enforced. What is so controversial about that? Why is that so difficult to comprehend.

negative: Jacqueline Alas doesn’t count they just claim mental issues or there problemd lives. Very sad.

neutral: THE PRESIDENT IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!!!!!!!!

negative: Donna Conley Why??? Explain it the World. Because World read also your naive Bullshit  Stay in your Trailor Park Drink Beer play with Weapons and be quite

negative: The dictator is a fascist and and a crook and will be in prison soon.

negative: Sue Carol

negative: #FakeTrumpEmergency  #FinishTheImpeachment #Collusion  #Obstruction  🚫🍊🐷💩🚫

neutral: "All 55 miles 🤣🤣😂😂  So much winning

neutral: 8 Billion buys a lot of Wall....

neutral: Keith Webber Jr. same bot post over and over

neutral: Keith Webber Jr. he didnt get 8 lol

negative: Donna Davis No kidding!!! Gun violence in the US is the REAL emergency.

negative: Keith Webber Jr. While he takes the money from the military infrastructure budget which will cause our military families to suffer more than they do now in housing that is falling apart. Pendejo!

negative: "I would sue Nancy Pelosi and every person that voted against border security. I would sue the sanctuary cities that put these criminals up for refuge. I do NOT support frivolous lawsuits. However

negative: Scott Magers how have u been personally affectes by an illegal? just curious

negative: They didn't vote against border security. They voted against the stupid WALL!!!

negative: "Angela K Christensen I cannot claim to have lost a loved one due to an illegal immigrant. However

negative: Janice Beecher I don’t care what they voted against. They contribute to the insecurity of our borders every time they vote against the wall or any other security measures. Politicians should be held accountable for their stupidity and selfishness

negative: "Heartbreaking story

neutral: "Yet

negative: I just do NOT understand they level of insanity in people that think this is not necessary

negative: Just as I do not understand the level of stupidity in people that think it is necessary.

negative: Nancy Harris are you also complaining about the billions of taxpayer dollars sent to Jordan to build THEIR wall?

negative: "I don't understand the level of insanity from you idiot Trumpers who

neutral: Donna Williford Burger - Donna/ all these people who don’t think the wall is necessary- I have a perfect way to change their minds.... delete “ President Trump “  Insert “ President Hillary Clinton”

neutral: "If you’re going to be spending that much money on building a wall

negative: You're missing the point. Its called a deterent. It will make them have no choice but to use those methods and will likely be shot down or sunk if so.  Why do you have locks on your doors at home if someone can just ram a car through it or break in a window? Thats your logic

neutral: "Lori Olson Rasmann American taxpayers have paid for border walls in 3 other countries. What you should be thinking is why the democrats don’t want a wall. They don’t want it not because it won’t work but because it will

negative: This is a very sad story.  Too bad it has nothing to do with a stupid wall.

neutral: "Except for the fact that

neutral: Ok I have nothing against the wall being built but they will find away to get over it or under it. Wouldn't it make more sense to use that money and up our Homeland security?

neutral: "Lisa

neutral: "That's why with the wall comes tech and other strategies

negative: I understand all this and not  trying to cause any arguments. But of his reasons is illegals killing Americans well there are a lot more Americans killing Americans than Illegals killing Americans just makes no sense that's all. And as Rich as he is why doesn't he pay for his wall ?

negative: "Lisa Mann yes Americans kill Americans..... doesn’t mean we should import murder and other violence.  Ahhhh there it is.....  he’s rich

negative: "Lisa Mann no

negative: "No because the money set aside for Homeland Security in the future will only be raided by Democrats and used on welfare

neutral: "But it will be much

negative: Lisa Mann A Wall will make it much more difficult and time consuming than just walking in.

neutral: "Lisa Mannim retired from the Michigan department of corrections

neutral: Lisa Mann and do you not think that the wall would surround the homeland? Hello.

neutral: Lisa Mann No all the surveillance won't be as effective. And no they won't find a way to get over or under with the right wall. Ex.. Isreal has a wall that is 99.9% effective. We need that.

neutral: "Lisa Mann it would

neutral: "Worley Michael 

negative: I'm not saying building a wall is useless just saying they will find a way to get over it or under it. Just common sense that's all.

negative: Lisa Mann no.

neutral: Kathy Smith Williams depends who the next president is walls have been taken down before.

neutral: Lisa Mann sovereign countries have borders AND walls. Walls work. Fact.. That's common sense.

negative: "What else is there?  They talk about security.  Obama did.  Other Democrats do.  But the sanctuary cities and stupid laws for their protection just make things worse.  They are all talk.  A wall will work.  It wont keep everyone out

neutral: "Lisa Mann Not if you have military patrols on top of the wall complete with towers

neutral: Lisa Mann Mr. Trump will not be President forever but the wall will.

neutral: Thank you Mr President for all you do

negative: The Mexican drug cartels have a lot of money and they know how to invest it to maximize their illegal profits. During the national discussion in this country about legalizing marijuana it was suspected that a large amount of cartel money went into swaying public opinion away from the legalization.  Is it possible that cartel money is now being used to change public opinion and the politicians opinions on the construction of the border wall between Mexico and the United States? I am just wondering now……

negative: "No

neutral: Can’t build the wall fast enough.

neutral: Hello Dave how are you

negative: "Yeah...such an emergency.  That's why it's taken him two years.  And

negative: Sue Carol AND he decided during this frantic crisis that NOW is the best time to upgrade his golf simulator AND jet off to MarALago right after admitting the emergency isn’t an emergency.

neutral: "My heart weeps for them

negative: Funny you should mention El Paso...isn;t that the city with some kind of wall that was put up on the grounds it would way lower crime rates...but the city was already among the safest in the country and its wall didn't lower crimes rates...?

neutral: "Art Jackson hmmm

negative: A legal citizen shot and killed 5 Americans yesterday.

negative: Sam North  mental heath issues! Can’t force crazy people to get help so what is it you think can be done?  That company had the obligation to protect its employees that is NOT the governments job!! We have security at my company with a locked fence only a badge can get you in and cameras right there if face don’t match you don’t get in and when someone is fired we are all notified!!! Companies need to step up

neutral: Sam North yup

neutral: Sam North they will just claim mental issues and get away with it they always do.

neutral: Sam North Obviously we can keep out our own citizens idiot but we can keep out Illegals! Did you even read how stupid your post sounded before you posted it? Did you mom tell you as she put you on the little yellow bus every morning that it was for the smarter kids at your school Sam? Like wow?

negative: Rose Mary O  nope they generally end up dead which is nice but if not the get life not one of the last 20 shootings did any of them get to plead insanity they either got life with no parole or were dead at the scene

neutral: Mr President have you heard of Tunnels.

neutral: "You can't drive vehicles through tunnels. Also tunnels cost the cartels a ton of time

neutral: "Kevin Marquardt

negative: Nora Arevalo have you heard of mole traps?

neutral: "Nora Arevalo ground penetrating Sonar. Was invented in the 60s. Seriously

negative: Nora Arevalo it is rather difficult to hand dig a tunnel. Have you considered that?  Have you thought about how long it would take. Do you think or just spout Democratic talking points?

neutral: "Nora Arevalo    yep

neutral: Nora Arevalo  he has and did address that also keep up

negative: Nora Arevalo 😂🤣😂dump ad Trump this sloopy built simply Wall never will work. Trump is a Uneducated dump Redneck.

neutral: Christine Huggard Roach  No I didn’t can you please update.

negative: Hmmm. I know that is sad but there are more family members who lost loved ones inmass shootings by white American males.

negative: "So it is a competition?! One is not as bad as the other?! It matters when some son-of-a-bitch guns you down?! What an asshat! What part of ILLEGAL ALIEN border jumper

negative: Stupid wack. No but border wall is not a national emergency. Mass shootings are do not address again with your stupidity.

neutral: Ps these shootings are from white American males. Let's put a wall around your butt

negative: Mitch Haynie hey moron check the FACTS most illegals are visa over stayers that arrive on planes and boats not jumping over walls you fucking retard

negative: "I refuse to argue with a myopic liberal moron

negative: I'm shocked USA today wrote this. In the era where media is ignoring and dismissing angel families this is a shocker

neutral: "Anthony Clark

negative: "Instead to put Joaquín ""El Chapo"" Guzmán (The drugs dealer in prison for life time and cost the tax payer paid for his accommodation for life time

negative: 1976 Creation of NEA 2001 9/11 2009 Swine Flu epidemic 2019 $$ for  Wall. Which one isnt an emergency?

negative: The real threat is Americans. How many immigrants committed mass murders is United states? 0!

negative: "It isn't a damned competition you myopic virtue signaling troll! Illegal border jumpers are not supposed to be here

negative: The wall is pointless. They will still get through and trump is making it seem like immigrants are the main problem committing crimes etc when it's our own American people!

negative: Fake news.

negative: "Asha Artis not American but wouldn’t most of your illegal immigration problems stem from a broken security system? I’m guessing most of them don’t walk over the border but are not caught by the checks in place. Even if they walk over the border why aren’t they rounded up and sent back? Is it possible that there is corruption here

negative: Asha Artis the innocent illegal I guess. Bet you would feel differently if this was your kid. Bet you would be calling for the end of illegal immigration also. https://fox17.com/news/local/undocumented-immigrant-snuck-into-lebanon-home-raped-6-year-old-girl

negative: bs...do you even know what the term means...3-4 victims ...thats  what...take a look at percentages...there are 14 times  the amount of citizens to latinos....350 million to 20 million.....math alone tels you theres going to be more citizens killing ...gangs kill that many on any given weekend.....mass shootings lol...get educated

negative: An illegal killed my dad years ago..

negative: I'm sorry for your loss

negative: Blanca Gonzalez so very sorry.

neutral: Thank you.

neutral: Was he a drug dealer or gang member?

neutral: Blanca Gonzalez very sorry ma'am! God Bless you and yours.

neutral: Good evening

neutral: "Blanca

neutral: Larry Martin nope.

neutral: Larry Martin nope

negative: Just reading through these posts proves that liberals HATE President Trump and everyone who voted for him. They spew their hateful lies and try so hard to hurt and anger. They don't get it. Most people don't live in a dark world where trolling online is their only entertainment. Pretending to be intellectually or morally superior has become the left's pathetic and desperate grab for power.

neutral: Please let me be your friend

neutral: Pamela Parker well said a totally agree !!

neutral: "Like all Presidents have said in the past

negative: Lee Harry no one thinks we need to have laws apparently.  🤬

negative: Prayers for this angel family. So sorry!

neutral: Barbara leonetti please can I by your friend

negative: How does  a wall  stop anyone? Reply trumpty dumpty followers ! Simple question!

negative: "Kevin Marquardt. Honey that is what LADDERS  and SHOVELS  are for. We need hi tech equipment and more security. Walls are outdated and can be breached

negative: Sharon Fantana what prevents me from walking into your house?

neutral: "Marjorie Anderson  please don't discredit a 4 year old in such a way. We have a 4 year old... She knows that walls work. She builds them around her toys while playing to protect the people inside 😂😉😉 (ps: this is totally making a farce of what was said above

neutral: "Tess Marquardt again answer  the question.  People go over and under

negative: Sharon Fantana why don't you ask Israel who had a ton of enemies?

neutral: "Joseph Roy  aaaaaa let see 

neutral: Sharon Fantana

neutral: Idot

neutral: "Sharon Fantana there is no big tech equipment that is going to physically stop a vehicle from driving over the border in a place like Arizona. Also if they have to build tunnels to traffic this takes time and resources of the cartels. We've been building barriers under the last several presidents. The fact is some people just dont like Trump and use it as an excuse to oppose him but that does not change the fact of what works down here and unless you have been out in the field chasing this stuff you really can't understand how much it slows them down for us to get to these places especially the more remote ones.  As far as Mexico paying for it. Like I said we've been building barriers and paying for it under the last several presidents. Now I have not read the full new deal that replaced  NAFTA but from what I've seen

neutral: You sound like a 4 year old!

neutral: Marjorie Anderson and the answer is?????????? Can YOU answer the question instead of acting like your cool aid master 😊

negative: Sharon Fantana    Are you really that ignorant?  The Wall works for Israel....use common sense (but I don’t think you have any).

neutral: Sharon Fantana here's a simple one for you take your front door off take your back door off you'll be safe.

neutral: Antonio Acquarelli aaaaaahoney do you know the difference  between  DOORS and a WALL????😜

negative: "Sharon Fantana run at it full bore 

neutral: "Walls

negative: "I am so sorry for your loss and others who have lost loved ones to illegals

neutral: "Someone supposed to have said something to me

negative: How does one have a criminal past but not be deported if they did not have legal documents to stay here? This is more then just a wall. The justice system sucks and needs fixing.

neutral: Kenzie Kawamura  Democrat’s do not want to send them back.  There will be several steps in this progress.

neutral: exactly what the DEMOCRATS have bee saying FIX THE SYSTEM not build a wall

negative: "While my heart goes out to you may I say we have many millions who have been killed at the hands of legal citizens

negative: I am so sorry for your loss RIP.  We will ner forget.

neutral: "Finish the Wall

negative: Shelva Wensel TROLL let Check your IQ  Low Minded naive Brain Limited Trumpee

neutral: i just don’t understand how people don’t support the wall. we have walls everywhere. we’ve been using them to keep INTRUDERS out for damn near forever. do you not use walls to keep your home safe? do you not lock your door to keep intruders from entering ILLEGALLY?? why is this such a hard concept for y’all to grasp? it makes perfect sense. 🤦‍♀️

neutral: Nobody’s against the wall their against trump getting credit for it

negative: "Brittney Braley because trump is trynna make mexico pay for it 

negative: Katy Chavez yeah “sis” because mexicans are the ones illegally crossing the boarder 🤦‍♀️ y’all stay on your own fuckin side and it wouldn’t be a problem to begin with. duh

neutral: So sad but yes please do the wall!!!

neutral: Kimberly Ortiz yes with Lego Stones in Oval Office.

neutral: "Everyone gets behind the wheel ANYONE could have been driving American

neutral: "sure

neutral: Ron O'Hearn either way license or no license people still need to drive to get to places like work

negative: "whats that have to do with an illegal with no license or insurance...etc...if he weren't  here

negative: How many people need to die before other people care?

neutral: No trust me the majority of us we feel for those Angel moms and one was too many this walls going up

neutral: Carolyn Fox until it happens to them

neutral: Tim Koepp  A wall won’t fix it. It’s a stupid idea

neutral: Go camping at the border with your kid I dare you 😂

neutral: "Yes

neutral: Trump morons...

negative: So f*** it that makes it okay just that everybody shoot each other let's go come across illegally.

negative: Most criminals don't use a gun that they legally bought FYI

negative: If it ain't guns they will use bombs go educate yourself. These gun laws don't work for criminals dumb ass

neutral: And that millionaire could of got anything he wanted

neutral: "Tim Koepp 

neutral: It wont ever matter.  They will all keep making excuses.

neutral: Every mass shooting in 2017 was carried out by American born Christian males!

neutral: Chris Weiss just because they were registered Democrats doesn’t make them Christians.

negative: "Chris Weiss   You Fool!!!!  You may know the skin color because that's the first thing LIBERALS notice! But you have no IDEA whether they were Christian or not!!! Of course

neutral: Trump cares for our Country but unfortunately we have nothing but Morons going against everything he does.  They can care less what happens to US citizens!  They should take their DAM walls down if they don't work.  Hypocrites!

negative: Build the wall and have border security tax at the Mexico border to pay for itself!!!!

neutral: My deepest condolences to those family’s who have lost love ones. Build the wall! #KeepingAmericaSafeTrump2020

neutral: "An American killled these people in a walled community in Newport Beach

neutral: "Are Pelosi

neutral: They won't even meet with the angel parents.

neutral: Lisa Fuller yes

negative: trump is USING them to further his agenda he couldnt give a crap about them

neutral: "Lisa Fuller no they smart 

neutral: Build the wall from sea to sea.

neutral: Toni Saunders how are you

negative: There is going to be a second civil war the way we are going.  😃

neutral: "Craig J Grove many feel that is just what ""they"" want ..."

neutral: Craig J Grove I can't wait ! Locked and loaded

negative: "I know if my daughter was murdered by an illegal

negative: Bill Rahbine and what if your daughter was ever to get murdered by a illegal that's in a cartel ? 🤣🤷🏻‍♀ 1 against .. what ? 50 thugs ? ... that wouldn't work out .

neutral: "Katy Chavez one by one just like hunting

negative: "Bill Rahbine no need for hunting 

neutral: "We need more posts like this.  News only reports about not wanting the wall. Never about the American people wanting it. That's why trump was voted in.  I am sure if it was one of those loud mouth reporters on television that lost a loved one they would be singing a different tune.   Or the Democrats in office.  I was a Democrat

neutral: "Pam Tigert  well said! The media will feel the bite it’s called karma!!! Ask the Grammy

neutral: Pam Tigert Me too

neutral: "It's hard to convince people who never had to felt it. Loosing something you were not suppose to. Do they need to see people they love die to understand that something isn't right?  To have saw it more than once

negative: Nazi's used propaganda like Trump does to condemn the Jews. Demonizing an entire group of people for the crimes of the very few is never justifiable.

negative: "Stephen Mattison how on earth can you compare a job in a steel factory with a job ... were you need to commit mass murder..  Propaganda? The only person I see is a leader of the free world. Nothing more

neutral: "Gabriel Bergeron

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/TheOther98/photos/a.115969958413991/2498507526826877/?type=3&theater

neutral: "Gabriel Bergeron if you don’t support sensible gun reform

negative: Kim Miller The reason why you have a problem right now is because you got a whole lot of bad people into your country that use those weapons in a bad way.  When you try to steal the power from an American what he do? He take his gun and go get back whats him.  Some law give you some power that you don't seem to appreciate

neutral: I support the President and the wall 🇺🇸🇺🇸❤️❤️

neutral: Janet Martin I bet u support mickie mouse too

neutral: Yes yes yes yes a thousand times yes!!!!!! We have your back!!!👍

neutral: You can’t spell TRIUMPH without the letters T.R.U.M.P.

negative: Exploiting a dead woman is not the way to promote the building of walls. Think about the tunnels as well.

neutral: "Stay The Course

neutral: Laura Johnson so I guess I’m not a real American

negative: "And Americans don’t drink and drive??   It’s just the brown skin people who aren’t allowed to be criminals. White Americans

neutral: "Robert Dahlquist  like the “emergency” we are experiencing

neutral: "Ryan VanBuren 

neutral: "If you believed in protecting people

neutral: Daniel Bremmer you actually think illegals trek thousands of miles with a ladder?

neutral: "You know what would protect our families more than backward logic straight out of the 1st century? Healthcare for all

negative: I literally have tears streaming down my face......  This man’s loss is a tragedy that could have prevented if our government followed the law - and had courage.

negative: "Lack of border barriers and security=No country. Thank you

neutral: If the wall saves only 1 innocent life it is worth every cent.

neutral: God bless our Angel families. Thank you Mr. President for fighting for our future as a Soveriegn Nation. People need to be vetted and come here legally. No more freebies.

negative: So sorry for your loss sir . We stand behind you and we mourn with you

negative: We know and agree👏👏 The left is hateful and evil

neutral: Respect from the U.K. 🇬🇧🇺🇸 build the wall. MAGA

negative: So sorry for your loss!  I stand with President Trump!

neutral: The Democrats don't care about your daughter or anyone son or daughter.  And only people that live with armed security like Chucky and Nancy have Blood on their hands of Americans.  If Chucky or Nancy daughter or son or grand kids.  Would be killed.  This would all be a different story.

neutral: 🇺🇸🇵🇱✍️♥️ Poland loves the US President and his wife🌹🌹🌹♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️

negative: There should be no question on this wall.  We need to protect Americans.  Sorry for your tragic loss .. if the wall can help prevent one tragedy like this.   Well worth it.    Let’s all fight with our President to get it done.  Build the wall.

negative: So where were you when Obama was shoving his crappy health insurance down our throats?  Where were you when Obama was sending billions to our enemies in Muslim countries?  That idiot had so many executive orders it was mind blowing.  He thought he was God!!

negative: These socialist love chaos. If we dont put down Socialism we will be in trouble real soon

neutral: Just build it I’m so sick of hearing about it lol nothing will change other than we have a wall

negative: I am so sorry for the most profound loss in your life.  I support the wall.

negative: "An illegal immigrant hit my car broadside which put me in the hospital with 4 broken bones

neutral: "The question is

neutral: "Dave Sienknecht really

neutral: "Dave Sienknecht Border busts

negative: "Dave Sienknecht nope no way they are coming through the dessert. Really come on

neutral: Why do the Trump cultists always call people names? Are they 5 years old?

neutral: Name calling????  Big joke.  Dems are the champion name callers.

neutral: Marilyn Carter there you go again. I rest my case.

negative: Marilyn didn't call anyone a name. Your case is pointless.

neutral: America first because it's the right thing to do.Best President ever.🇺🇸💪🇺🇸

negative: Donna Davis you laugh at a parents loss?

negative: Mar Reese  I know that’s sad ... I m all for keeping our country safe build the wall

neutral: "Tara Letourneau Exactly it's logical and preventative

negative: Those who oppose a wall are obviously hoping to support illegal activities. Search your soul. The cost is a non-issue and pennies in the dollar compared to the outrageous waste of our government.

neutral: Christopher Thompson I think most of the opposition is because these people know it will work .

neutral: "I live in Brownsville

neutral: "Christopher Thompson 

neutral: "Robert Dahlquist in some cases it can be much more. My previous job was a medical biller for a pediatric rehab where they offered speech

negative: My husband and I were in a terrible reck in 2013.An illegal immigrant almost killed me and my husband. He was 17 didn’t have a license was driving someone else’s car. Was going 80 in a 30 miles zone. Before he hit us he passed a car with a family that had 3 little kids in the car. That could had very well killed them Thank god he didn’t and my husband had to be cut out of the car. He was drunk on top of that. Didn’t spend one night in jail. My husband was I c u for 14 days had too have emergency surgery on his neck and back. This is a man that has never had a broken bone in his body or stitches either. Until that night he still isn’t the same till this day. So yes I’m all for the wall 💯percent. We need a president like Trump he is the one that can get the job done.👍🏻👏👊🇺🇸

neutral: Build the wall!! This is the ONE President who will GET IT DONE!!

negative: So sorry for the tragic loss of your daughter. I believe President Trump will protect our country like no other.  May your daughters death and all others not be in vain.

negative: So sorry for you and your family's loss; perfect example of why we need a border wall and loopholes closed in the immigration system and stop illegals from flooding our nation.

neutral: Keep draining the Swamp 🐍 as the Wall continues to be built MAGA 🇺🇸

negative: You want to blame immigrants 🤔💭  🚨Rally me this 🚨 what if trumps grandfather 👴 were the immigrant who killed his daughter   Is that the solution for an unnecessary wall❓❓❓  We have more shootings of backyard corn bread 🥖 American’s killing more than any other race in the United States 🇺🇸   🚨The statistics are proof🚨  You can’t blame one immigrant When last year alone you have 50-1  50-Americans  1- immigrant  Responsible for the murders of innocent people ‼️  🚨We have a Gun problem 🚨 Not an immigrant issue ‼️🤨☝🏼

negative: Majestica Arlene that's the most illogical and uninformed spew I've read in days!

negative: What if.   What if.     That is so stupid.   What if you're momma swallowed

neutral: "I fully agree that we need border security. However

neutral: Mike Mandel well guess what. That is exactly what is proposed.

negative: "How come we can give Israel money to the tune of around $3 Billion annually and they are using some of that money to build walls and none of our politicians complain about how they're ""wasting money on walls"" in Israel?? The U.S. is partially funding those walls along with the Iron Dome anti-missile system! Yet not one word about the walls in Israel from Schumer or Pelosi!!!! They are 2 hypocrites! We also gave some money to Jordan and Saudi Arabia! We give money to everyone!!!!! Enough! Secure our border!"

negative: "Mike Mandel that was in his initial package that Nancy said no to.  Geeze

neutral: Keith Nance well guess what. It isn't. Trump proposed a 19th century steel wall. We need to utilize a 21st century solution that will both cost less and be better at securing the border.

negative: "Deborah Bartlett no it wasn't. The initial package included a 19th century wall with no technology being used. Geez

negative: "Thank you Mr Trump...Illegal Immigration costs us way more each year than building the wall.  Prior presidents have wanted to do this but never got it done.  Well sorry people

neutral: Kent Wojahn  well said!!

negative: Kent Wojahn and let’s it forget- these things that still need addressing- NEEDED addressing during Obama’s tenure as well!

neutral: We support our President!  Build the wall!

negative: Was that an illegal immigrant that gunned down five coworkers and wounded five police the other day? The REAL emergency in the United States - gun violence.

negative: Darrell Dunn my guns have never hurt anyone.  Not sure how my guns are an emergency?

neutral: "Eric

negative: https://boston.cbslocal.com/2019/02/07/access-to-guns-not-mental-health-responsible-gun-violence/

neutral: "Although it seems crazy but without a wall people can cross from 390 to 260 people to reach the United States as we have seen in the news

negative: "Nancy and Chuck could care less how many are killed as long as they can get the illegal votes and keep the power they wield over the people

neutral: BUILD THE WALL! HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY MR TRUMP. GOD BLESS YOU & THE USA!

neutral: Gun control will protect to the county. I don’t wanna see another school shooting....

neutral: Democrats don't care about our safety

neutral: A wall would not have kept this from happening. :/

neutral: "Tony Palmer in fact

negative: Tony Palmer  I but it would prevent massive drug influx and criminals from entering

neutral: "Go

negative: Doug Holmes move to USA Troll.

negative: Emil Dörr no message received???

negative: 1 year ago. #msdstrong  How many children die from gun violence? Declare THAT emergency.

neutral: PAUL HOW ABOUT OUR POLITICIANS WORK TOGETHER AND DO THE BEST FOR THIS COUNTRY AND ITS CITIZENS.....

neutral: Yolanda Copac like trump worked with others LOL he shut the government down like the spoiled brat he is

neutral: Paul Seldes and the Shooters was not Immigrants this was Trumpees the right Wing Idiots.

negative: "There is no such things as ""Gun Violence"" or ""manmade climate change""

neutral: "Emil Dörr Really

neutral: Emil Dörr 🖕🏻

negative: Paul Seldes how many children die daily at the hands of democrats allowing abortion...

negative: Yolanda Copac agreed!! Quit being a Democrat Quit being a Republican Quit bashing the current Pres and The last 44  Start being an American Live by the Constitution and Bill Of Rights  Worship a Higher Being and Remember the What America was built on  Know your enemy and who has fought for all those rights  America.. has it is now (my opinion.. not open for interpretation or discussion) is in a state of peril as well as state of emergency

neutral: Do they also work for mass shootings???? 🤔🤔🤔

neutral: Arturo Rosales ask the Democrats.  Since the large majority of mass shootings arw done by them!!

neutral: Perry Hess sure lol most republiCONS are gun owners not dems retard

neutral: Arturo Rosales I don't know if it does or not but I do know this is what you sound and look like when you stop your TDS treatments! https://youtu.be/wDYNVH0U3cs

neutral: Should have been a clean DACA for the Wall bill.  That’s fair.

neutral: """I didn't need to do this""

neutral: President Trump build the wall!

negative: An Indianapolis colt was killed by one

neutral: Yes president Trump build that wall. Don’t back down.

negative: “Well! She would have died eventually anyways”  Said every dim witted liberal ever

neutral: Wait wasn't mexico paying for the wall?

neutral: But the USMCA is not in effect yet also U.S.-Mexico trade has been duty free for decades and the USMCA keeps it that way

negative: Ess Emm DeeVee no need to be disrespectful I asked a simple question.

neutral: Also I didnt say Mexico was paying for the wall

neutral: Charles Michael Spooner II Yes! And they will.

negative: Ok how will they pay for it?

neutral: lol Mexico isn’t paying  Americans tax money is paying for the wall

neutral: Anthony Boites they believe that make money will come from Mexico

neutral: "the morons dont understand how tariffs work and the "" new "" NAFTA has not even been signed"

neutral: "In addition

negative: Charles Michael Spooner II In American Idiots45 Dreams that  Mexico Pay . This he had a Light Moment in his sick Brain.

neutral: He will get well over 10 billion through remittances from the USMCA deal he made with Canada and Mexico so yes!

neutral: "how does it feel

negative: My heart is broken for you. It is past time to have this issue addressed and the criminals handled and our American laws enforced!

negative: So sorry for your loss. I agree the wall must be built now

negative: "Arguing about whether a wall “works” is a lame

negative: "we need to hold politicians accountable. Treason

neutral: "🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸MAGA 🇺🇸TRUMP 2020🇺🇸 Mr President Sir  Build a nice big beautiful wall 

neutral: The aid not sent to Pakistan will help pay for the wall  that is money well spent

neutral: Support him in 2020!  Please people don’t forget!  Every vote is needed!

negative: Very sad! We need the wall built!!!!

negative: Trump I support this build the wall finish the wall crime will fall!!😎

neutral: this is happening WAY too often!

neutral: If it was Pelosi’s kid she would give 100billion to build a wall

negative: You are all ignorant stupid humans .really so dumb the reading some of these post is so embarrassing.

negative: So sorry for your loss. My heart is very sad for all the Angel Parents caused by Devils here Dems gladly let in!

neutral: Just an excuse for the federal system to seize ranches from solid Texas families without compensation. Be careful trump you will turn Texas against you.

neutral: I am so sorry for your loss.  I will be praying for you all.  Thank God for our President who will build the wall.

negative: "This isn’t about illegal immigration

neutral: Unfortunately this is a familiar story of heartbreak 💔 for so many families.

neutral: "Empathy!!!  What I see from Pelosi

negative: This poor family-in my thoughts & prayers!! 🙏🏻 ❤️

negative: "Was the dude who just murdered 5 people and injured police officers in Aurora

neutral: "Ryan

neutral: How about the parents from Parkland shooting!?!?

negative: Exactly. Or the 5 shot dead in Illinois yesterday.

negative: Sam North why are people not seeing through the idiot?

neutral: We need the wall to help those doing a very good job to protect we the people it would make their job not so difficult.

negative: How about the kids dying from mass shootings? What about them?

negative: How about all the other drunk drivers who are American losers? I understand that you are hurting but the Wall is not immigration policy.

neutral: Great Job Mr. President we've got your back keep up the great work KAG2020 !!!!

negative: Okay but anyone could've drank a few and got drunk. Illegal or citizen of the u.s

neutral: Tragically they don't seem to care one bit.

neutral: Keep up the great work Trump!

neutral: "110% I support the safety of all american..and those who live here legal  no matter who you are and where you came from. I came here as an immigrant

negative: "What about the far larger amount of legals killing legals? I can go to a bar on any given night and witness a bunch of people driving off over the legal limit. Beyond drunk driving

neutral: You a bot?

neutral: Build the WALL. BUILD the WALL.  Keep us and the country safe please. God's your guie and protector.

neutral: They probably gonna call border patrol on you 😂😂

neutral: "God bless you Donald Trump. In Nigeria my country

neutral: Sunny M Oko here some do too.

negative: My friend was stabbed 40 times the illegal was just deported to Mexico.  That was his punishment.  And you wonder why I fight for the wall?

negative: "It's a sad day in America when we lose a life to someone who shouldnt be here! Even sadder when you know that the very people standing in the way from making it stop are right there with a rebuttal of national emergency on gun violence..I wont get started on what I think...(event are very coincidental and I dont believe in coincidence) They only care about their votes and are hanging American citizens out to dry!  Wake up America

neutral: "the arrigance of the left in idealizing illegal immigrants as good citizens who just want to fit in and find a better life for their family. i should note

neutral: Bother Democrats don't care.    Vote Republican!!

neutral: Yes they will. Has anyone noticed Fox News is sounding more like CNN everyday?

negative: Vote for ALL RED! Stop the killings!  Build that WALL!

neutral: Check out Trump cherry picking stories to suit his political narrative. Your wall will not function Donald J. Trump.

negative: "Sympathies to the family but the odds of her being killed by a mass shooter in school

neutral: "Your statistic doesn't hold any proof... especially if you live in El Paso

negative: Joan Hamilton it doesn't matter why he was illegal.  The fact that he had no legal right to be here is enough!

neutral: Jessica Amse I’m not using Trump.fantasy stats

neutral: If the wall saves one American life I’m for it. Lives Matter.

negative: Bob Vasel if gun reform saves one life are you for it?

negative: I wish NANCY & CHUCK WOULD LISTEN TO THIS TRAGIC NEWS AND BUILD THE WALL!!

neutral: Nazik Davoudian Zargarian they don't care a out anyone. Just votes! Using illigals to vote!

neutral: Thank you President TRUMP!!

negative: Very sad! So sorry for the loss of this mans daughter.

negative: "So much blood on the Democrats hands.  They are getting away with murder over and over and over and over

neutral: Thank you President Trump for the wall!!

neutral: What a shame to lose a beautiful daughter

neutral: Build the wall secure our borders🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Thank you President Trump!!

neutral: "Why isn't 40

negative: "Gail Bailey Adams  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat

neutral: "Deborah Bartlett

negative: This is sad but shouldn't be America's main focus there was ANOTHER mass shooting yesterday done by an American! Many people killed many hurt!

negative: "Kimberly Mansfield  there is NO gun problem

neutral: Dee Dee Kelly Colvin never said it was did I!

neutral: All that money going to that wall could help people who can't afford health care who need assistance with mention health

negative: Kimberly Mansfield  yep by crazy people that have mental health issues!! If their parents lost control what the hell can President Trump do? Most murders are from illegal guns the wall will cut down on that too! People with guns need to lock them up better! Not a lot can be done about crazy people!!

negative: "Kimberly Mansfield compare those killed in mass shooting per year to the number killed by illegal aliens every year.     As for money to help people

neutral: Ok  if you say so I'll just do the usual and send my thoughts and prayers since that's what's always done in these situations

neutral: Kimberly Mansfield  get rid of illegals and hey there a whole lot of extra money for mental health

negative: """An illegal immigrant killed someone I love! While 3 people in my community were killed by natural born citizens. But I only care about what directly affects me. So let's focus on the immigrant"".  Conservative logic behind the wall. 🤔"

negative: "Jeff Sterup  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat

negative: Kids in cages is a national emergency.

negative: No they should have stayed in home country.

negative: Seeking asylum is not illegal.

neutral: "So are abortions

neutral: How about doing it the legal way  ?

negative: Brian Roy many of those kids separated from their parents did try to do it the legal way. Their asylum processing is why they are being detained.

negative: Robert Dahlquist wrong. Obama did not separate children. This is a trump manufactured catastrophe because trump's not processing asylum seekers humanely.

negative: I agree with you.  I am so sorry about your loss of Mandy.   Please know there are many who are trying hard to get the facts out but it is difficult.  I do believe we will have a wall eventually.  Don't give up and all the best to you and your family!🌻

neutral: Thank you for fighting for us every day!

neutral: Trumps right and the majority of AMERICANS AGREE!!

negative: American killed 2 of my nephews 3 decades ago.

neutral: Stay strong Mr. President. We the people still support you. Thank you for standing up for us.

neutral: Funny Obama declared 13 national emergencies... All for third world countries.  Trump does it for the US and people lose thier mind?  W. T.  F.

neutral: Build the wall and take it all the way up the east side of California!!

neutral: You feeling better?

negative: "How many were killed by USA 🇺🇸 Citizens

neutral: Eddie Barrett 49 days into 2019 and 39 mass shootings already.

negative: "Trump you are a disgrace to the USA. This is NOT a national emergency

neutral: How did Joel Velazquez get to the country? I can't find anything saying how or when he came here.

neutral: Ed Ward duh does the word undocumented mean anything to you?

negative: "R. Ryan Roach Duh. They're politicizing this poor woman's death to sell the building of the wall. If he got here by plane or boat

negative: 😡she should not have died and wouldn’t have if that Illegal hadn’t of been in our Country.

neutral: Sandra Nelson like the ones trump personally employs at his resorts? 🤔

neutral: "Carly Nacarato  You’re full of it

negative: "Sandra Nelson errrr Approximately 1.4 million people have died from firearms in the U.S. between 1968 and 2011. This number includes all deaths resulting from a firearm

negative: I feel so very hurt for you.  The Wall will lessen the chances of such  a criminal to be on our streets .. Words can not comfort  you with such pain in your heart. But a Wall will prevent this in the future ...

negative: "Erin Salgado seriously? Approximately 1.4 million people have died from firearms in the U.S. between 1968 and 2011. This number includes all deaths resulting from a firearm

neutral: Jo Sechi

negative: Jo Sechi We must have a Wall  and we Must Stop illegal immigrants from killing    Us ..

neutral: "Of  Course we need a Wall 

negative: Walls work that's why there is no drugs and weapons in prison

neutral: "John Burks 

negative: John Burks stops the inmates from walking out and taping your mother or wife though....

neutral: Raping

neutral: I am so sorry. I agree with you 100%. God bless your family. Keep fighting. You will save someone's life.

negative: I sure wish trump would speak up for the families who lost loved ones to gun violence by Americans.

negative: "If you're so worried about people killing people

negative: "I’m soo very sorry 

neutral: "By the way

negative: It must be  a Federal Emergency. Trump is playing golf.

neutral: Charles Gibson    We already have the BEST President protecting America.  We are a Nation of Laws....just like we’ve always had but previous presidents haven’t enforced.

negative: We didn't cancel when Obama was (small p for ) President. He led the way for not being one

neutral: "This is not ok. If President Obama has said this

negative: Christopher John sorry but Obama was voted in illegally & is the worse President we've ever had to endured

neutral: "FYI

neutral: His wife is a tranny named Michael LaVaughn Robinson & Barry knew it cuz He's gay

negative: Tommy Carpenter yea Tommy I know. I was what you might call being sarcastic

neutral: Christopher John I got it! Some don't get humor Christopher?

neutral: "And yet

neutral: "This is so important!  I have five grandchildren

negative: So very sorry for your loss. Build the wall

neutral: God bless you and your family.My deepest condolances.

neutral: "Say whatever you want

neutral: Here in Germany we can only dream of closed boarders - keep on realizing your plans👍

neutral: Great wall of China work. Jerusalem wall work. US must have wall. Overdue

neutral: "There are too many innocent people being murdered every day and if you look at it long and hard you can see that it all is happening because there is no border wall to keep illegal immigrants out.  Weather it is from their drugs laced with fentanyl or weapons they brought with them or illegal immigrants who think the laws do not exist or pertain to them.  Build the wall and make them come through legally and catch the drugs and weapons at the port of entry!  We can't take care of our own.  Why are we still taking care of them.  The money it takes to build the wall will be cheaper in the long run from the money we save from Narcon used to save drug attics

negative: "Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: I am so sorry for your loss. I stand with our president. Love and Prayers❤

neutral: "dems voted for money to other countries 

negative: Sorry for your loss. I agree we need the wall

neutral: We could protect ourselves if our government would adhere to the constitution! What’s up with 50 state ccw you talked about????

negative: So very sorry for your loss. I hope the wall gets built for all our sakes.

neutral: I believe a investigation should be done on Nancy and Chucky on there financial background and see where all there income comes from!!!😡😡😡

negative: "I'm sorry for your loss

neutral: Amen to you and your family we send our prayers

neutral: "Many years ago

negative: still waiting on the mass arrests of the deepstate sir

neutral: Trump start out by saying let’s build a wall. Are you a Trump supporters cheered him on. Now Trump is saying let’s finish the wall. Again all you Trump supporters are cheering him on.   He hasn’t even started to build the wall. But now you guys are cheering him on to finish it.  All Trump has to do is say he finish the wall.  You Trump supporters walk again cheer him on.  So why doesn’t he just do that.  All this nonsense will be over.

neutral: "Noble Loria so according to your logic

negative: Terri Reeves no I’m saying Trump did not get that belt. That was a planned build from before Trump was president.

neutral: Sell it like you believe it.   Mexico I am sure will pay us back. Lying sack.

negative: Keep strong. Sorry for your loss! Wall should have been done years ago!!!

neutral: An American citizen murdered over 20 elementary school children.

neutral: Build that wall.   Cost doesn’t matter  Life is Priceless

negative: This is why we need the Wall desperately.

neutral: "Don’t give up

neutral: What about mass shooters? What about drugs flowing into the country at the ports ?

negative: He is doing the right thing!  It’s long past due!  It’s been talked to death  thank God Trump is a doer!  So sorry for your tragic lose

negative: Marianne Duboy but he wont talk about the fact thats hundreds of americans are killing thousands of americans every year because there is no gun control. aaaah those americans

negative: Pierre-Luc Vachon how's that gun control working out in Chicago?  Crime is UP since they started it there.

neutral: "Terri Reeves well I dont know much about Chicago but I know that here

negative: "I won't deny the fact that America has a gun problem

negative: "Simon Cardinal those are all problems we have to worry about

negative: "That I can agree on. I guess I misinterpreted your first post and I apologize for the misunderstanding.   Though we might not agree on everything

neutral: "Well I wont be a politician later but yeah it was obviously a statement on the president priorities. Gun control might be a bigger problem in the US considering the thousands of deads it could save every year. But I guess now it's all about our opinions

neutral: "Walls work 

neutral: "For everyone who has lost a loved one needlessly

neutral: I have a good feeling that better days are ahead!

neutral: My husband worked the boarder during his 22 years in the military & the horror stories he can tell. Thank you President Trump for protecting our country. We welcome anyone who wants to come LEGALLY!!!

negative: "Build it Mr. President. For those saying think of what that money could do for vets and homeless

negative: With all due respect...this could have been done by any us citizen.  Not just a  immigrant.      This happens all the time in the US by us citizens.   Alchoholism is a  horrid disease.    Guns kill at much higher rates  as Americans purposely murder at much higher rates.

neutral: "Kate Steinle? Oh wait

negative: "Painful as it is 

neutral: "Hey like the dems say about guns

neutral: "Mr president wall don't work 

neutral: Paul Karachia ever climbed a wall?

neutral: "Paul Karachia if we didn't have to spend over 100 billion every year on illegals

neutral: We support you and fully agree with you!!! Build that wall because Congress and the Democrats don't know how the rest of us live and go through. The rest of us don't have a security detail or the money to invest in high quality security systems.

neutral: And Trump understands and cares for you. lol. Ask a farmer how much he cares.

neutral: "Larry Martin .. I don't have to ask anyone

neutral: Larry Martin our farmers love Trump!  I'm farm community here!

neutral: "Thank you for the emergency declaration to build the wall

neutral: "So far as I can tell

neutral: "It sad some don’t care it’s not there loved one

negative: Our Country needs to stop listening to Democrats that lie to keep the border open. Their deceit has created the problems we face today.

negative: Very sad story. Nothing that relates specifically to immigration. Many native-born Americans drink and drive and flee accidents.

negative: An illegal  immigrant  almost killed my boyfriend and father in law. Hit them in the back  made them roll 4 times and he ran!! Still got away with it. He was drinking and driving...president Trump build the wall!!!

neutral: Please get the wall built!!!!!

neutral: After all the national emergencies for other countries from the past president.  About time we use one for our own country!

neutral: When are the Democrats going to wake up and back Trump. Build the Wall.

negative: George Brakey when is cult 45 going to wake up and realize we need sensible gun reform?

neutral: "George Brakey They can't compete with what he's done in alittle over 2 years with jobs

neutral: Kim Miller  lol lol I love when you idiot say this! I do! So your cure is to take guns away from non criminals so that when criminals Illegally get a gun theLaw abiding citizens can't protect themselves! You definitely are a Dem! Lol No better then Obama care or the new universal health care that your demoRATs want to try AGAIN????

negative: George Brakey Why do you think that most of these mass shotters go to no gun zones such as schools and work sweetie!

neutral: "Get it done.  We need it.  Thank you

neutral: "Right

neutral: Thank you mr. president for your dedication to kerping us safe. Sorry there are people out there who are so mean about you.

neutral: if not your kids or family probably not want it or care ! Mr.Trump did a very good job! people need to realized

negative: "Soo sorry for your loss

negative: "I hear oxygen turns you into a violent criminal

neutral: thank you President Trump!

negative: Enough is enough! So sorry for your loss.

neutral: Thank You for All The Hurt You Put Up With Mr President

neutral: "If you’re going to build a wall on the border with Mexico

negative: Stupid

neutral: Thank you for speaking out. Prayers of peace for you and your family.

neutral: Dotty Arola If there is a God why didn't stop the killer?  Prayers won't bring the dead back

neutral: Eddie Almeyda my act of kindness today is not to respond to your misunderstanding.

negative: What's going to keep us safe from US Citizens who are felons and shouldn't own guns in the first place but the background check failed?

negative: "Jim Thornburg background checks aren't the problem  

neutral: I am seeing repeated posts oh trumps pr team working over time

negative: It's sad that the world has changed so we need to build walls for our protection

neutral: Build the Wall and let us keep America safe ...

neutral: God bless you Donald Trump.

neutral: "Thank you

negative: I’m so sorry about the loss of your daughter!  I  totally support President Trump and the building of this wall.

neutral: Clown.   How was golf today?  Nice weather down in Florida?

neutral: "MR President

neutral: I could see dad tearing them a new one trying to cross 😂😂

neutral: The wall will fix drinking and driving?.........

neutral: "Dylan Clymore yes! 4 walls to be exact

negative: Kevin Peevey 😂 no... that won't stop natural US citizens from drinking and driving and causing fatal accidents... it's only a news story because he was an illegal immigrant... if it was a white guy it would have been a completely normal occurrence 😄

negative: walls work. Stop being petty or take your doors off and let everyone in your house. Hahahaha

neutral: Kevin Peevey that's not how any of this works 😂😂😂

negative: Will the wall keep everyone save from the Americans that are killing people an robbing houses an drugs I dont see how the Mexicans get the blame for everything Americans do wrong

negative: "Whittley Guidry Garcia  Because a lot of crime is caused by illegal criminals

neutral: Paulo Americo Rocha I can't see the comments private message me

neutral: Yes build the wall sooner rather than later

neutral: Anyone who opposes securing our southern border is a traitor this nation!

negative: Have to stop electing democrates

neutral: Build the wall the government has money for whatever else they want

neutral: Another sad example of why our country needs secure borders.

neutral: "Down on the border where we live

neutral: Do u know what pee me off is good american people like wendi that has lost a someome and  and people like Nancy Pelosi and some of these other dems won't even give them the time of day to talk to him they just brush him off and say the heck with them

negative: More Americans with guns kill Americans than immigrants your gun laws needs to be sorted first

negative: Larry Burford what does that have to do with this . So you want more killing to enter the US while we have enouph of our own . Juarez mexico is on the list of the most dangerous cities behind our border . You are really thinking crazy ! The border isnt even secure there either . If the walls come down they become part of our country . Think about that . They can walk right over .

neutral: "President Trump

negative: Who is going to pay for the wall?

neutral: Thanks for actually working for the American people to secure our country.

negative: So sorry for your Tragic loss. My prayers are with you.

neutral: Thanks you my president! Make our country strong anh safety again!!!!

neutral: "Build the wall!  We are not trying to keep people from leaving our country

neutral: You are so right. God Bless your daughter.

negative: My sincere sympathy goes to the father who lost his daughter by an illegal immigrant and to the angel mom’s and dads. Our congress men and women need to hear them instead of ignoring them.

negative: People kill people every day. Illegal or not.

negative: Illegal immigrants statistically commit far fewer crimes than Americans. We see through your bullshit scaremongering.

negative: Shane Randle  so we will just ignore the fact that the immigrant is here illegally in the first place?  Build the damn wall.

neutral: "So sorry for your tragic loss.  Yes Pres Trump is doing the right thing.  It is unbelievable what the democratic party is doing to this country.  As long as we have Trump we have a chance to save this country.  Thank God for putting him in the White House.  It breaks my heart to think what our country will be like when my grandchildren are grown.  All grandparents need to contact their congressmen and let them know we're tired of their games and they need to do their job

negative: "Sharon George Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

neutral: So he walked across the border or overstayed his visa- which is the usual MO?

negative: SO SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS!  PRAYING FOR YOUR FAMILY!

neutral: "Asking the Lord to guide you

neutral: "Americans drink and drive

neutral: God bless President Trump. Can't understand the Democrats who don't want to enforce the laws. Walls work. Walls work great!!

neutral: "Stephen Paddock an american

negative: "Walls work very well in Israel to solve many border problems.  We can take a page out of their playbook.  Only millions of dollars to do about 500 miles

negative: So sorry for your loss.   This shoulda  already been handled.  Thank you President Trump for being in charge.

negative: So you shut down the government and forced hardship onto over a million Americans when you could've just declared this 'emergency' then?  🤔

neutral: Tim Masters or the Dems could have approved barrier $ like they did for all previous presidents.  All politics.

negative: George Winn not dems fault Trump lies and makes up statistics that contradict government agencies to justify his wall.  What happened to Republicans being fiscally responsible?  Also not the Democrats fault Trump was planning this all along but decided to make over a million Americans suffer before declaring his emergency.

negative: Tim Masters he didn’t veto it.  Yesterday you said it shouldn’t be an emergency order.  Now the government will spend millions more in court fights.

negative: "George Winn I still say it shouldn't be an emergency.  He's president

negative: Tim Masters right and Congress over the years handing power to the executive branch is the problem too.  They have to take back what they got lazy about and handed off.  Executive branch can now create laws and regulations all on their own in different departments

negative: "George Winn it was bad when Obama was doing it

neutral: Tim Masters 💯

negative: George Winn they offered 45 25 billion in 2018. He couldn’t art of the deal that?  Come on. He’s a loser.

negative: Tim Masters if the tradgedy happened to you would you feel the same? Doubt it

negative: Jamie Decker i would feel edoardo the same.  How did the shut down benefit the victims of the tragedy?  It did NOTHING for them.  Pathetic that you would use the victim's of the tragedy to justify an action that hurt over a million people and did nothing to benefit or honor the victims.

neutral: """Hardship!""  you mean like Officer Rohnil Singh's family is facing

negative: "Mitch Haynie so one tragedy justifies a million people forced into economic hardship for no purpose?  The shutdown accomplished nothing other than putting people into hardship

negative: "Declares a national emergency

neutral: Dale Murphy I’m sorry you don’t care. Thanks for sharing your opinion on executive overreach with a clever gif.

negative: What he means is had he been given the money the State Of Emergency wouldn't have been necessary.

neutral: Democrats are especially good at twisting words... it's what they do.

neutral: The constitution clearly states that congress controls the purse strings.   This has not been a priority for either parties since the inauguration in 2017.    Congress does not give the executive branch money.     https://constitutioncenter.org/blog/the-constitution-and-the-federal-budget-process/

negative: Jim LaMuth it’s Presidents’ Day weekend idiot. The real national emergency is that gay a*ss sweater your wearing

neutral: Build that wall President Trump!

neutral: Yes they do!!! Build that wall Mr. President

neutral: Keep Trumpin Mr. President! We love you and stand behind your plan! You make us PROUD!

neutral: Literally the last opinion we should be listening to.

neutral: "Stay strong

neutral: "I support our president

neutral: I would become Pelosi's nightmare for the rest of her life if that was my daughter ......

negative: So sorry this got to stop!!!!!  Just one getting killed by illegal is to many ? I feel for you.... Trump 2020

negative: So sad!!  We must work to stop this!!  The wall will help!!!

negative: https://www.watchdog.org/national/reports-illegal-immigrants-receiving-medicaid-costs-taxpayers-billion-annually/article_6a9860a6-d0bd-11e8-92ed-5bca8b2d3b38.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&utm_campaign=user-share

negative: President Trump is correct and this gentleman has suffered a great loss.  He knows first hand that a Wall will help.  May his daughter R.I.P. I am very sorry the loss of your child.

negative: Yes and citizen opened fire on school kids at parkland last year. And shot up a factory two days ago. Your point?

neutral: What about all the us citizens that have done all those shootings I don't see trump do anything about that but yet he is doing so much to but a wall that won't work

neutral: How bout protecting their health and right to afford meidcation?

neutral: "Mr. President

negative: Repost Nancy's number 202-225-4965 build the wall. Here's Chuck's 202-224-6542. Be professional but demand the wall funds.  Repost numbers. Let's do this

negative: I am so sorry that you had to go through this traffic loss of your daughter. We will have our wall

neutral: "I’m just here to See all the Woke people

negative: What about the Americans killing Americans? Never mention anything about that!! 🤔🤔🤔

negative: Gato Gato dont forget drugs gangs cartel human trafficking. Not just killings

neutral: Americans buy the drugs. Who is the problem? Lol

neutral: Drugs still get into prisons  Prisons have walls   🤷🏼‍♀️

neutral: Deanette Christopherson The Feds bring in the drugs... into the prisons.

neutral: Justin Fox so we don’t need a wall   Feds bring drugs into this country too 🤫

neutral: Deanette Christopherson Yea I’m aware. But a wall would be a physical tariff. It would regulate the amount of drugs as well I

neutral: Justin Fox oh but the money could be used in so many other places.  Let’s start in Flint for water for the people. Shall we?

negative: Useless expensive wall. Not the answer.

neutral: But we also need protection from our govt.

neutral: Helped with China for 500 years.😉

negative: So sad.. May she RIP.. GET THAT WALL UP QUICK..

negative: So sorry for your loss. We need walls!

negative: So sorry for all the families and their loss. Build the wall.

negative: "If folks do not think the border problem is a National Emergency

neutral: It's sad the left cares more about illegals than the Angel mom's. You never see Angel mom's on CNN or other leftist news shows.

negative: It is time to wake up California and America and Stop voting for The lying hypocrite communist socialist liberals democrats that are destroying this country. We must put America First. WE MUST BUILD THE WALL

neutral: "Dakota Puccio it’s comedy gold when you idiots lump 4 or 5 terms together that are all different

negative: "Well as I understand it the wall is primarily built to stem the rotating flow of 400.000 deportations and illegal entries every year. The berlin wall and the soviet/russian border towards finland required guardtowers

neutral: Carl Mörner we will have guards patrolling the area.  I would like a minefield but I do not see that getting approved.

negative: "Carl am German. You are wasting your time

neutral: "Well thats true of any country except for sweden where the majority of crime is committed by immigrants from the middleeast etc. The same thing is happening in france

negative: Carl Mörner Trumpcucks get hard off of dead kids.

neutral: What do you mean?

negative: "what nonsense stop using a rare event for fascism

negative: How many lives do we need to loose before people realize WE NEED THE WALL!

negative: "what is wrong with the dangerous Dems in Washington

neutral: "That's simply silliness. How many white

neutral: Our tax dollars are wasted anyway. Let's just take a chance and build the wall just maybe some people will use the front door and come legal or go to jail.

negative: I am sorry for your loss and Please keep fighting for the cause.

neutral: "Unfortunately

neutral: I support the wall completely!

negative: "How stupid have we become as a people to not even defend our borders

neutral: President Trump:  Thank you for standing up and doing what's right for our country.  Never give up!  :-)

neutral: "Didn't do much for the concert goers in Las Vegas

neutral: Protection and Defense. What more are the Feds good for?????

neutral: "Do you have a security system for your house

negative: If even one can be prevented. How do we not enforce the laws!!!

neutral: For the safety of all Americans build the wall!🇺🇸

neutral: "I’m praying for you

negative: "To quote liberals gun control mantra

negative: trump leads through fear. Just don't buy it!!

neutral: Tell that to the ranchers on the border whose property and homes are invaded regularly by illegals.

neutral: Marilyn Carter look it up. 😊

neutral: "Pat Meacham

neutral: "Bob Segal I've listened to trump. I've seen how he works up his base at rallies. . He's inflated statistics to demonize immigrants

negative: One of the easiest answers is to make sure only citizens can get any government benefits and no illegal will ever be a citizen.

neutral: Protection means we the people have the right to our weapons!

neutral: So proud of you Mr. President! Build it!!!!!!! Keep us safe:)

negative: Sorry for the loss of your daughter.  This could of been avoided if there was a wall.

negative: President Trump is VERY RIGHT. Only FOOLS say otherwise. Because satan is fooling them.

neutral: Trump is protecting you and I so why would anybody go against this hardworking country loving and God loving President?  I stand with Trump because he genuinely cares and has out performed every President that has come before us in my lifetime.  President Reagen was great and Trump was by his side.  Thank you Trump!

neutral: Mr. President we have been going to build a wall since Clinton! I support you being a real American President and getting it done!!!!!! The hoards are forming and are on their way!!!

neutral: Yes build the wall Mr President 🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷

neutral: Thank You Mr President for Wanting to Keep Us Safe I know the Democrats Dont care because They will lose Illegal Votes but I know You Care Thank You.

negative: Romain lettuce killed 25 people last year!  Let’s ban Romain lettuce!

negative: Lost my son in El Paso due to illegal running red light hitting him walking across the street on his'way home from work. It was hit and run til his' girlfriend turned him in

neutral: "Build the wall 

neutral: we support u prseident trump here in roxboro nc  keep up great work  build that wall

neutral: Yes he is trying to keep us safe. Pelosi is taking pay offs from cartels to make us un safe

negative: "And how many US citizens have been killed by other legal US citizens in mass shootings? Oh

negative: YES YES WHAT IS WRONG WITH THOSE STUPID PEOPLE GET THE WALL DONE👍👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: "He is a good President

neutral: Petion is online to impeach Pelosi and Schumer!! Sign it!!The wall needs to be built! Charity starts at home! Take care of our citizens first then help others! We give money to many countries billions start here first!!!

neutral: Walls dont work have u heard of tunnels 20 feet under ground

neutral: I'll say it again you only want that wall to have your b******* name plaster all over it to have something that will stand in history

neutral: James Lewis Jackson Meanwhile as black me get gunned down by white cops.....crickets from SCROTUS!

negative: "Secure the border stop the madness. ""Finish the wall."" it is a crisis and definitely 

neutral: "We are meeting some real resistance from local

neutral: Thank you Mr. President for all you’re doing❤️

neutral: The spending bill should not have been signed. Too much money to support illegals and restricting where the wall is built.

neutral: Make America Great! Trump 2020! Build the wall!

negative: It’s incomprehensible that Americans are actually fighting against keeping illegals out. What part of illegal do they not understand?

neutral: We are with you President Donald J. Trump you are doing a great job.Please know that there are many of us who are praying for you!

negative: "So sorry for your loss

negative: Such a sad story but a wall is not going to stop the madness!

negative: "As we protect our country from people entering illegally

negative: "Krista Meyer they do put out warnings

neutral: "Deborah Bartlett  yes.... Mexico is a level 2 same as Germany

negative: God killed your daughter. He would have done it through any human.

negative: Chet Bentley no I think it was an illegal .... 😭😭😭

negative: Chet Bentley you’re a scumbag

negative: God is why that illegal existed as he did. So it was god.

neutral: "Chet Bentley Yahweh (That's HIS Name NOT God) had NOTHING to do with her death!. WHO is responsible? Answer: The Evil One who I will NOT honor with a name because his name has never been removed or changed

neutral: Did your yahweh create everything while it is everything that knows everything? If yes then your yahweh murdered this girl.

neutral: So sorry to hear of your loss it should of never happened your in my prayers may those so opposed to the wall open their eyes to what is really happening as a result of. Open wide borders our President is trying to protect us from things like this happening God bless you and your Family

neutral: "🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸💯 Please

neutral: "😲 I am so sorry for this man & his family! Praying for their healing 💜🙏🙏🙏💜 I WILL continue to pray for God to guide

neutral: I wonder if trump can land his stealth bombers on their foreheads.

neutral: Protect us President Trump.  No one else seems to care about us.

neutral: Build That Wall Mr President !!!! Time to take border secruity to a next level of wall protection..

negative: Yea well my dad was killed by one of them also. I was very young at the time.  My sisters brother and I suffered along with my poor mom. She was only 27.  Bulid that dam wall. And do something about all those kids they are having. Just to be able to stay here.  And have us support them.  While they stay home poping  kids out.

neutral: "I will say this; a barrier built on the borders will definitely help the situation. Dems that are against it

negative: "I was working for an employer who had hired illegal immigrants and didn't notify the staff that had been working there. One of the younger a_ _ holes invited me out to his place for a beverage

neutral: "Hilary Seymour

neutral: "Betty Jo Lollis thank you! I only shared so this way people know that MOST if not ALL illegals won't accept the word ""NO"" I have learned from this experience and I only hope that my story will entice others to break their silence too. It's ok to talk about it. It's a BIG problem amongst other things as well."

negative: I bet they did it with a gun...

neutral: Stephen Michael you make complete sense dood.

negative: Sean Thompson how many kids are killed with guns every year? Where is that national emergency?

negative: It's a shame you have to do all this for something that  as everyone can see is wrong do they not see the gangs in California or the pictures of the drugs that's caught at the border not just because you in office you the one trying to fix this...it's crazy they want it to stay the same....Do Americans care about America?

neutral: Of course we care. But some of us seem better informed and know that fentanyl is flying in from China and that most drugs are intercepted at legal entry points. Trump is lying.

negative: Sam North what does that have to do with the wall being wrong ...he said he didn't have to do it because he was making a point he wanted it to end now...China will be stopped that just happened this Mexico border problem been a problem before he got in office or ever thought about being President.

neutral: May God Let Her Rest in Peace! Please the Wall!

neutral: If the wall saves one innocent life it is worth every penny

negative: "H sorry for you loss and im sorry for all ofthe victis of gun vioence

neutral: "What about 12

negative: Bring in more troops to battle the gun violence in schools!

negative: I have had three hit me and leave because evidently no lic no insurance i chased one down he was in a company truck called company had him fired!...Build that Wall!

negative: The war on drugs..terror..illegal immigration...mental health...better health care...the list is endless...The President  has centries of political bandaids to peal off..what a mess.

neutral: "Besty

neutral: Cathree Gori like the government assistant loving red states?

negative: "I was injured in a car accident caused by an illegal immigrant. 13 years later I still have mobility issues because of it. A couple months before

negative: BULLSHIT

neutral: Maximus Herrera what exactly?

neutral: Pretty sure you better build a wall around this guys forehead....good lawd

neutral: We need the wall!! Great job POTUS for fighting for us!!🇺🇸👍🏽

neutral: Thank You President Trump!

neutral: Trump you have our support stop those Democrats!! Don’t back down...there are more supporters than not..

neutral: "Dear Mr. President Trump

negative: "An illegal immigrant committed a hit and run on my husband and I while we were riding our motorcycle.  We were left for dead in the middle of a road.  Yes

negative: "A US police officer killed my ex

neutral: They have no right to be on American soil.  They do not respect the U.S. Then we have to pay for their babies.  Legals do it right.

negative: "I am so sorry that Pelosi 

neutral: Mr. President Thank God you are working for the American people even though some are not able to see your efforts as what needs to happen.

negative: Shame... it very sad to see how low can the president goes.

negative: Just makes me so angry that our government turns a blind eye to american's and kisses the ass of illegal's just for there illegal vote. How can they even say this is a made up. I would never wish this on anybody but they just might have to walk in the shoe's of a family that lost a loved one when it could have been Prevented!.

neutral: I am not American but I had always been your fan for the fine person you are. I think people must trust in your decisions. The government has to protect its people and the president must do whatever is in his reach to help with that. I would be proud to have you as my president. God bless you and your people.

neutral: President Trump has my full support. Build that wall!

negative: Was that another illegal in Aurora Illinois?

neutral: Build a wall around DC instead

neutral: Theres a system and should be to get in any country our safety/ health should be upmost at the top of the list go do it trump

negative: How about those people being killed by citizens. Should the build a wall around the whole United States? Stupid ass pendejo!!!

neutral: "In Chicago every 14 mins somebody is getting shot. The man who created the massacre in Las Vegas? All these shooters are ""legal Americans"""

negative: So this situation is made better by allowing illegal dangerous criminals into our country???

negative: BabyLuis Hollywood   Mental illness.

negative: "Carol Starr mental illness? That's an act of terrorism wether you were born in USA or not 

negative: "Yes we have enough crazy here in the US

negative: Having incompetent Presidents in the past has cost us all......about time someone was looking after those who do the right thing 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻

neutral: Shane McInnes well said bud

negative: Five dead in Illinois by gun violence. Far more deaths each year by gun violence and drug abuse. But sure.... let’s pretend a wall will solve it all.

negative: "Americans face consequences.  Illegals get deported and come right back. And....what about all the children that get trafficked through that border?  Oh I forgot

neutral: Nobody wants to see these stories. It doesn’t fit the agenda.

negative: The sad truth is that a wall will not keep crime and killers at bay...

neutral: "I agree  build the wall today

negative: My 4 grandparents came to America legally.  Why can’t they?  My son died from illegal drugs.  Where did the drugs come from?

negative: "HELL YA MAGA 2020 

negative: Texting while driving is one the principal causes of car accidents in the world... lets build a wall around cellphones too

neutral: "Following this logic

neutral: "Kerry Gay this family spoke about needing a wall.  So

neutral: Yeah a wall doesn't fix tunnels or airplanes must I keep going ?

neutral: "If that wall saves 1 ONE

neutral: "BTW

neutral: So much blood on the left and media's hands.  Up to God who they will one day explain it to or not.  I can't judge he reserves that right.  Funny they can't even see the truth. He wins again.

negative: Not true. 50 people dead so far this year from American citizens shooting each other up. We know what the real emergency is. Most violent crime is not perpetrated by illegal immigrants. Trump just loves to exploit these anecdotal stories when it does happen though.

negative: "American arms and armed forces kills families in Yemen

neutral: "we will to

neutral: "Meren Tinu I have worked with military from 80 different countries

negative: Meren Tinu  let them i do believe President Trump is pulling out of there! Let China or Russia pay for them now I mean their own people are starving but hey I think it’s time America worried about America

negative: "If you threaten or defy American power and might

neutral: "Christine

neutral: "Thank you and bless you

negative: "I mourn your loss. However

negative: And how many killed by Americans with guns

neutral: Thank you ! I appreciate everything you do !

negative: Build the wall. Stop the spread of the dumbocrap communist party.

neutral: I hope nobody invents tunnel technology.

negative: "If they had barriers for 1900 plus miles of WIDE OPEN territory where illegal border jumpers can just walk in

neutral: "I should have known that David was from the left coast

neutral: I have a child. I would support anything that is going to make our society safe for us all. End illegal immigration and build walls. Support Angel moms. MAGA 2020.

neutral: Thank you President Trump. Keep making us safe and a better country. Dont listen to ANY of the politicians. They are all self centered.

neutral: "help

negative: "If all illegal immigrants will leave America tomorrow 

neutral: Well we all know it wont stop it but it will HELP ALOT

negative: These families should start suing the Federal Government for substantial damages in these cases . . .

neutral: "All these people that are coming into our country we are paying for their medical

neutral: Mr President my family is with you all the way to 2024! It doesn't matter what the swamp does or says! Love from Temple Texas!

negative: Agree Mr. President. Im upset that ur party failed us but they're replacable too!

negative: Ya my tax dollars going for a wall thats not going to stop them

neutral: Joseph Tewell so how's your tax dollars that are being sent to Jordan to build THEIR wall helping you?

negative: fake news better than no news

neutral: If the wall is as big as this man's forehead I can sleep well at night

neutral: If the wall saves 1 life it will have paid for itself.

neutral: Jimmy Kimmel has walls around his house but yet the piece of trash talks crap about our great president!! Trump 2020...

neutral: "We need the wall now

neutral: Thank you Ms. President for all what you are doing to protect us and make America great again God Bless you and all your Family praying for you always

negative: "26 First graders were murdered by a white American !  No one gives a damn about guns

negative: Jim Acosta has the gall to  imply/say that the border situation is not a national emergency...........in front of ANGEL MOMS.......this weasel and his fake news pals are colluding with illegal aliens to provide more votes(voter fraud with drivers liscenses that shouldn't be issued to illegals in the first place) for demorats.

neutral: My husband and I support the wall!!

neutral: Timmy Macneil

neutral: What a novelty this President Trump is.  He puts Americans and America first and tries to help everyone else after that. We need more politicians like him.

neutral: Jim Connelly  well said

neutral: President Trump thank you for fighting for America. The low life cowards in DC never saw you coming. Wish more of the Republicans new how to fight so you wouldn't be alone in this dirty street brawl. Though our history certain men were born to accomplish great things and I think you were so burdened

negative: We finally have a president that cares above the people in this world should've been put up long ago we would not have had so much crime

negative: "Man living in U.S. illegally sentenced for raping girl

negative: Yes democrats killing babies and illegal killing young American

negative: The Democrats are responsible for this poor girls death.  They truly do not care about American lives.  All they care about is destroying the POTUS. It’s insane. MAGA.

neutral: Thank you for fighting for America President Trump ❤️ 🇺🇸

neutral: To destroy USA you do not need a great military like USA. The greatest weapon to bring USA to her knees is the Democratic Party. Think about it Americans the Democratic Party are more concerned about the welfare of foreign nations & non-US citizens.

neutral: Trump is god for this time Americans people he doing good job in Washington DC

neutral: says the american from the UAE hahahahaha

negative: All this fear-mongering about illegals ... what about all the US Citizens pulling the same crap?

negative: I’m with you brother I lost a daughter also not with an illegal but I know how you feel

negative: So many lies from the habitual liar and charlatan that it's exhausting and hard to keep up.

negative: They bring in fentanyl which killed my nephew.

neutral: Build the Wall. Keep America Safe. Thank you President Trump!! ❤️

neutral: God Bless America and our President.

neutral: Sorry. The deaths of Americans is not important enough for the Demonuts to agree to a wall.

neutral: "God bless you

negative: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1690237991078876&id=443476065755081  Even Pelosi said so before her party affiliation was bigger than her American.  Straight from the ass' mouth.  Hmm.

neutral: what the Dem abortions

neutral: "yes exactly

negative: "What about overpopulation and the population of foster/adoption facilities/systems? What about the Christians that are pro-life until the child is born then turn their nose up at it and tout ""It's your responsibility."" Etc."

negative: Fact: No Republican has EVER had an abortion.

neutral: How do we feel safe from home grown slaughterers?

negative: "It's totally ironic

negative: "Very sorry for your loss. Yes

neutral: Thank you for keeping Americans safety first Mr. President 🇺🇸

neutral: 10 us code section 284... build the walls

negative: And there are terrorists born in the United States that have killed people to

negative: So sorry for everyones losses ...We so need that wall Mr Trump...

neutral: Enjoy the omelette bar during this “national emergency”.

negative: SO SORRY. I Would BE SO ANGRY. THX FOR SHARING

neutral: Flint still does not have clean water!

negative: Temicka Brown blame the local government over there. He sent 100m in 2017

neutral: 100 million dollars worth of water bottles instead of actually fixing the damn pipes. FLINT NEEDS CLEAN WATER.  but you dont care

neutral: Temicka Brown move? 🤷🏼‍♂️

neutral: "Temicka Brown funny

neutral: Just as i thought. You lil fkers dont care about americans.

neutral: Temicka Brown That's what the Dems did with the money Trump gave

neutral: "Flint was given millions of dollars by Obama

neutral: "Temicka Brown no your democrat plantation doesn't care about you

negative: So what makes you think a damn wall will keep out illegals?

neutral: Legend sayeth once the great wall is completed all innocent lives taken by illegal immigrants will be resurrected. -Abraham 36:24

negative: "Daniel Antonio Thomas  well how does that stand for crime committed by Your own people? Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: How many native Americans your family killed

neutral: Raja Ali none

negative: "How many of your ancestors were raped

negative: "Mass shootings kill hundreds in America

negative: "How about stopping all the millions of innocent babies being killed through abortion

negative: "Brian Roy I personally am against abortion and think late term abortion should be illegal

negative: "SO it's a competition?! I s that  what your point is?! Or are you saying that crime by our own citizens justifies letting illegals border jumpers in?! ""Meaningful gun reform?!"" Exactly what is that?!  Most of the schools and mass shooters have obtained their weapons LEGALLY

negative: What about the people killed my homegrown terrorists in America. There's more murders committed by them

neutral: Brooklin 1985.

negative: Beverly Harris so let in other countries problems instead of trying to fix the ones here already?

negative: Charles Landry I don't see any problems being fixed. Bridges clean water sensible gun laws. Seeking asylum is legal. Most are running from violence on their own country..

negative: Beverly Harris but they come in illegally. And bring in drugs and gangs

negative: Yes support the wall. Sorry for your loss.

neutral: "Anecdotes do not constitute statistical data. One

neutral: Finish the wall secure our Southern border

negative: "Sorry for your loss Sir

neutral: Definitely yes thank you President Trump

negative: Not trying to be rude but Americans do that all the time either drinking and driving or texting and driving causes accidents

neutral: Will he build a wall for that

negative: and we enforce the laws and arrest and sentence them

negative: Why isn’t mexico paying for it? 😂😂😂 damn y’all dumb 😂😂

neutral: Anthony Clark go drink some more Flint water

neutral: Ricardo Alfonso Saenz Jr.  your wall still won’t be built 😂😂

neutral: "Anthony Clark  They’re gonna have to buy cars manufactured in the States

negative: Tell Pelosi/Schumer. It’s not ok for illegals to kill Americans just so they’ll vote for Democrats

negative: "Impeach the Fascist Trump

negative: Bull crap. You are an idiot. Your base is a congregation of the kids who dropped out.

negative: DAMN..RIGHT THEY WORK...ITS TIME TO CLEAN OUT THESE ANTI AMERICAN DEMOCRATS

neutral: #Protection for American families is my highest priority. Walls work and will keep us safe! #DonaldTrumpBestPresidentUSForever

neutral: https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/51112586_10218015968013047_144837176373280768_n.jpg?_nc_cat=1&_nc_ht=scontent-iad3-1.xx&oh=403cf388720000ae216aa974a9f098ad&oe=5CFA0718

negative: We need the WALL but I wish you would have torn up the spending bill! Pelosi will be going full bore out of spite now.

negative: An American citizen just killed 5 people all at once. Take guns away!!

neutral: "I don’t think our nation gets it

negative: Wake up America  ! Wake up Christian church  ! Impeach remove your Satanism from office  The Democratic party has become the nazi party hualacost murdering babies  ! Remember Beghanzi fraudulent claims  Remember the selling of uranium to Iran  Remember 150billion under table to Iran  Remember KAVANAUGH hearings  SAVE America Save the family

negative: Anyone can be hurt or killed not jest legal immigrants can hurt others it's American people to

neutral: BUILD THE WALL  MAKE AMERICA GREAT

neutral: Then WHY on Earth did you sign that bill!

negative: Sorry excuse for a president.  Resign or be impeached!

negative: So sorry! Please accept my heart felt sorrow

neutral: It’s been a crises for decades....and it’s about time we have a non-political hack with some balls to do what is right.

negative: I'm so sorry for your lost!!  I know words aren't enough when you've lost a love one!!

neutral: "This picture. Coneheads? My god

negative: An illegal president killed our country

neutral: Barbara Blitfield Pech Barack Obama

negative: "Bull crap!  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/nation/2019/02/16/man-kills-five-warehouse-shooting-spree-shortly-after-being-fired-illinois-police-say/Man who kills five in warehouse shooting spree was being fired from his job

negative: Paul Packer  yep mentally ill! Problem is they are hard to find! So what the hell you expect the government to do?

neutral: "I haven't felt safe for decades!!...feeling safer

neutral: And blessed is he who is not offended because of Me.             Thank you Jesus for Trump and Pence.

neutral: THEN LETS DO IT....BUILD THAT WALL

neutral: Thank you for sticking your neck out to keep us safe!  Keep up the great work!  ❤

negative: I am so sorry for your loss.  I support your call for the wall as well.

negative: on and on-yes we have a national emergency- BUILD THE WALL

neutral: We have to have a wall ...Do you want this in your neighborhoods ???

neutral: "BUILD THE WALL AND MORE LAW AND ORDER

neutral: If the border wall would work I'd be all for it. But it doesn't. It won't.

neutral: Marc Blair but you know what else doesn't work either?

neutral: Taylor Wade doing nothing?

neutral: How about we get rid of the welfare magnet?

neutral: "Fight the good fight build that wall

neutral: yes true get all illeagals out every last one of them

neutral: And run an electric cable across the top........

negative: So sorry for your lose. Can I just say though. Britain is surrounded by water. The wall will only work if your government isn’t self serving and encouraging very high migration or immigration to keep wages down and their bunces up. This is the problem with the Western world. The polital elite are in it for themselves.

negative: We know the president is right. We know its the dems resisting. Sickening & so sad

negative: "Americas in debt y'all

negative: How will you protect us from the thousands of American criminals already inside??😏

negative: What  about  the  thousands  killed  by  gun  violence

negative: Five Americans were killed yesterday by American citizens though

neutral: Go TRUMP I'm from South Texas and boy the wall been needed a long time

neutral: We would not need walls if we were not in the need of penitentiary terms !!

neutral: "Gun control is more important

negative: "Immigrants killed thousands of my people. Thanks

neutral: "Ask Nancy Pelosi

neutral: "Democrats only want your vote

neutral: "There are more important things like climate change

negative: You are a joke. You will never get your monument to stupidity.

negative: "I hate to say it

neutral: I'd love to help build the wall! Trump 2020. Then in 2024 maybe we can get Ivanka!

negative: Only America haters are against the Wall.

neutral: Thank you Mr President You truly are a Godsend to America and the free world! God bless you 🙏

negative: @nancypelosi.  No I dont know if its her just trying it

neutral: Yes build the Wall.   My condolences

neutral: So sad that people just don't care others build the wall

neutral: Times are changing! The Wall with State if the Art Technologies will really help!

negative: What about white male mass shooters? Can we build a wall around them? Idiot!

negative: A crooked cop killed my friends brother.

negative: Very sad.  Any thoughts/prayers for this tragedy committed by an American-born citizen who murdered 5 people?  https://www.facebook.com/5550296508/posts/10159222165206509?sfns=mo

neutral: "Frankly

negative: So what about the families impacted by mass shootings? Or those who lost loved ones because of inability to afford life-saving medications?

neutral: "Michelle Novak Clearly

neutral: "Mary L. Zweber  well

neutral: That's our New way of life Now .  We open Season .  The wild Country of 1800's

neutral: We need  your  voice  to  make  sure  she did not  die in vain.  Praying  God  will  help  you  through.

neutral: "The truth is the TRUTH

neutral: Yes sir thank you President Trump!

negative: And what about Americans killing Amerians???

neutral: Not just complete the wall. Enforce the laws!!! No one deserves a free ride upon entering America

neutral: Not one comment about those foreheads...

neutral: I SUPPORT ALL YOUR EFFORTS MR. PRESIDENT. GOD BLESS YOU.

neutral: We need to give credit where it is so .Our Presadent

negative: Praying for All the Families that lost someone from these illegals! BUILD the WALL!

negative: "Melanie Fuller Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: "While this is a tragic story

negative: Steve Ware what’s your point? Every country has bad citizens that do bad things. That’s why we have prisons. That doesn’t mean we want illegal people from other countries that also includes bad people.  We have enough of our own to take care of.

neutral: "Your's along many others

negative: So sad build the wall and throw the democrats over it

negative: Sorry for your loss.   Build the wall

neutral: So when we building a border wall on Canada

neutral: Thank you Mr President for keeping us safe

negative: How do I sue the State of Calif for endangering me?

neutral: "We have a big rat infestation in the ""halls of Congress""

negative: "Very sorry for your daughter being a victim

neutral: Or she could have been at the VEGAS outdoor concert. RIP

negative: God bless those whom we have lost due to no security at our boarder.  We have needed border security for 30 years and immigration reform to which nothing has never been done. This has been an emergency the entire time and no one had the wherewithal to do it. I COMMEND President Trump for finally taking action.    TRUMP 2020 🇺🇸

negative: What about the shooting in Aurora? I guess you only politicize violence when you can manipulate it to support your own fearmongering.

neutral: I am so very sorry for the loss of your beautiful daughter and I agree with you 150%.

neutral: Don't sign that Bill! It expands our already broken immigration system!

neutral: Thank you for putting our lives and safety first! 🇺🇸💙🇺🇸 We have worked hard for our freedom! Don’t let our country be destroyed by evil and hate ❤️🇺🇸❤️ MAGA - God bless our President Trump! Thank you - totally support the wall 🇺🇸

neutral: "And plenty of people have lost loved ones at the hands of US citizens. The wall is your dog whistle to your sycophant supporters. You’re a traitor trump

neutral: "Well fancy that

neutral: Even if you are a 1 term president Donald J. Trump for building the wall... it is the right thing to do...

negative: Protect us from vacinnes injuries too!!

neutral: Meanwhile: https://www-nytimes-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.nytimes.com/2018/04/02/us/ethan-couch-affluenza-jail.amp.html?amp_js_v=a2&amp_gsa=1&usqp=mq331AQCCAE%3D#referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2F2018%2F04%2F02%2Fus%2Fethan-couch-affluenza-jail.html

neutral: Ask all The elitists to tear down the walls around their homes. Let’s see how many do.

neutral: "I think that's how the natives yielded too

neutral: Walls work? Let's ask about the great Wall of China.

negative: Shame your daughter died. Just glad the wall is getting built

neutral: We are spending so much money on illegal immigrants that a wall may not be such a bad idea at first I was pretty much against it but all the drugs are killing g so many people not to mention these immigrants get everything for free using taxpayers dollars yes maybe the money should be spent to help drug addiction or homeless or vets maybe we should have stricter laws for immigrants coming into this country I don’t know if the wall will help but something has to give.  This country was built on immigrants only native Americans are Native American Indians but if u want to come to this country you should have to take the proper steps and come legally. My parents were legal immigrants and they never took any money from the government for help.  I’m hoping that Trump is right and wall will help I just pray for unity and peace in our country

neutral: Socialist DDR build a wall in Berlin. It did NOT work.

neutral: "A wall for germany too

negative: You're a fool and using Scare Tactics. There was just a shooting where 5 people were killed just yesterday Trump hasn't said one word about that.

negative: Then do Mandatory E-verifying if it is

negative: So so sad and sorry for these families that have lost their loved one. Prayers🙏🙏🙏

negative: We will still need to stop sanctuary cities and asylum laws so vote for people right and left who will change the laws

neutral: Thank you Best President in my time.  MAGA

negative: So sad America stands with President Trump

negative: Law abiding citizens rarely become the bad guys ! Especially here legally. They work hard for their families !

negative: This wall thing is such an emergency that it will immediately be followed by golf.

neutral: Build that wall President Trump! #TRUMP2020 🇺🇸

neutral: Thank God for President Trump!

neutral: What will president hannity’s next order be????

negative: Build the wall and make Democrats pay for it.

negative: WALLS DO NOT WORK.  Stop using victims as props!

negative: Cheryl Bowler Schrager  Stupid

negative: Karen Kelley Your comment reflects no intelligence.  Using victims as props is despicable.

neutral: "Cheryl Bowler Schrager

neutral: "Bob Segal Who are you

negative: If the wall would have saved your loved one or anyone else’s! Build it quick 🇺🇸 sorry for your horrific loss 😢

neutral: https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-took-putins-word-over-us-intelligence-on-north-koreas-icbm-2019-2

negative: Sorry for your loss! Build the wall!

negative: "Haters wouldn’t be hating if there Son or daughter was killed by a illegal immigrant! Securing our borders is a priority! Walls

neutral: Build the wall. Trump cares about America and legal citizenship.

negative: "Another point of 'illegal' immigration is the impact it has on our economy. I'm a construction general contractor

negative: You didn’t say what illegal or where from

neutral: If that wall saves one person it will be worth every penny!!   #buildthewall

negative: An illegal hit my son with  my Grandson in the car also.The illegal was drunk and did it on purpose to hurt his wife.My son is disabled for ever.YES ----WE NEED THE WALL.The illegal had no insurance or license..

negative: So many lives tragically lost... LAW'S work if they're inforced. Secure our Border's Mr. President. BUILD THE WALL 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲

neutral: "If the wall had built 20 years ago

negative: So sorry for your loss it's not right that some one illegal can come into our country and take the lives of our own people!!  This is so wrong!!

neutral: Soo beautiful.. Now a true angel. My deepest condolences.

neutral: "Hey look

negative: You got to stop the leaking  roof before you work on the inside of your house.

neutral: Thank you for declaring an emergency.

neutral: Where is the blue check that this is President Trump?

negative: According to Jim Acosta the person is “allegedly” an illegal immigrant.

negative: Yesterday in Aurora IL American citizen killed 5 people and wounded couple more including police officers. So I can suggest a wall between every single county 😅

negative: Chump you should show the crimes against immigrants there will be at least twice as many. You should be ashamed of yourself for politicizing tragic deaths to push your sick agenda.

negative: Jason Erhardt a lot of those crimes against immigrants are done by illegal aliens.  Build the wall and enforce our laws

neutral: A Minefield and some Constantine wire might work to

neutral: Help Tymoshenko to become the President of Ukraine and we will come and build your wall without a congress.

neutral: "He is totally right

negative: Seems like a lot of stories of illegals killing or other crimes against American citizens. Why don’t we have a “march” of all the victims and family of victims from illegal aliens. I bet it would be quite large.   That needs to be organized.

negative: Personal tragedy does not equal a national crisis.

negative: "My sister had cancer once and we built a wall. Not only did it cure her cancer

negative: They’ll tunnel under it mate. Waste of time.

neutral: "I support you

neutral: Tank you presidente  TRUMP YOU ARE DOING GOOD JOB GOD BLESS YOU

neutral: Build it for the people that love this country

negative: So many sad stories caused by unsecured borders for many years and many presidents. Trump is going to fix it.

neutral: I don’t know about safe but for sure safer!

negative: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/dont-be-fooled-by-trumps-make-believe-crisis/2019/02/15/b66adc60-3158-11e9-8ad3-9a5b113ecd3c_story.html?utm_term=.93e683936b22

negative: 1 death in my opinion is an emergency.

negative: Those laughing at this terrible story are truly sick people.

neutral: "God Bless and protect you

negative: So sad 😥and sad for our country 🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Just ask the NASCAR Driver's in Daytona this Weekend !!! Walls Definitely Work !!!🤣🤣🤣

neutral: Why haven’t you pushed for the northern wall yet??

neutral: Build the wall please. Talking from experience in Texas

negative: Facebook full of comments from foreign accounts that support propaganda and spread discord. Zero votes.

negative: Thank you. I’m so saddened by these loss these families has experienced. You’re doing what’s right Mr President.  You’re on the right side of history and that’s American Patriotism

neutral: Why is yall supporting something tgats trap us all in in.

negative: No it wont nice try the worst human trafficking is here in Michigan is u going to stopit here.

neutral: "Just keep doing the great work you have done for two years. We see it

neutral: TRUMP TRAIN ALL ABOARD!CHOO!CHOO!2020AMEN! FINALLY A REAL PRESIDENT!

negative: Keep fighting we are counting on you!

neutral: Thanks you mr president  chuk de fatte ...u are working very hard for us American  citizens  God bless you

negative: Another American killed my friend. Is her death any less important than an illegal killing another American?

neutral: "Danny

neutral: "If gates and walls dont work

neutral: "I live in McAllen

neutral: "95% of these comments are bots

neutral: We Support Our President! Finish the Wall! Trump 2020

neutral: "I'm sure when wealthy Americans built barriers around their homes

neutral: Is there any data on how common this is?

negative: My neighbor's daughter was killed while visiting a friend in Detroit. I want a wall around Detroit!

negative: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/votes-put-emergency-termination-trumps-desk-sen-tammy/story?id=61122331&cid=social_fb_abcn&fbclid=IwAR0-VC36RbC2d42UWj8-aVKWVAFXto4n83xVsVNx7s6YIHcq7zy-IUF4wng . ..

neutral: If they didn't work..Nancy and Chuck wouldn't have them around their property

negative: "4000 Americans died last year at the hands of illegal aliens. That’s an average of 5 a week.  When is enough

neutral: Build the wall.    Screw Nancy Pelosi

neutral: Build the wall. Real Americans are behind you and thank you for protecting us!!

neutral: "WE ARE WITH YOU

neutral: Build the wall...we the people should vote on the wall..

neutral: I sooo agree with COMPLETE OUR WAII TO PROTECT OUR BORDERS !!

neutral: Thank you President Trump!!!!! Please keep us safe:)

negative: That's so sad ...sorry for your loss . This should have  NEVER HAPPENED

negative: I'm very sorry you and your family have to endure such pain due to the Progress Liberal stupidity.

negative: So sorry for your loss.  But thank you for telling Mandy's story and I pray that her story will keep others from the same fate as hers.  Build the wall! 😭Trump 2020🇱🇷️🇱🇷️

negative: "So sad.   Our President is absolutely right on this issue

negative: Donna Hemenway the hell up stupid

neutral: hahaha Terry Beatus  can't even complete a rational statement

neutral: Priorities https://www.massshootingtracker.org/dataMass Shooting Trackermassshootingtracker.org

negative: Justin. they are too stupid to be reasoned with

neutral: I hope the wall doesn’t work so everyone who is for it looks even more stupid.

negative: Feel badly for the family but would be curious to know if they were democrats will they still vote democrat.

negative: What about shooters that kill children?

neutral: "Walls help as a big part of comprehensive plan.  Walls will never stand alone.  But added to tech and manpower and better enforced laws

neutral: Why do liberals in Hollywood have walls around their homes?

negative: "Looking forward to you in prison

neutral: "I don't want to sound insensitive to your ""chosen"" example to support your platform or argument

neutral: Weo is it to much for a politician to do what he said he was gonna do

negative: "So let me get this straight.....  Only Mexicans are in our prison system for murdering?  Please correct me if I’m wrong.  So y’all only care about people killed by Mexicans and not by Americans?   Again

negative: "Yes the problem is bigger than the Illegals

negative: Felicia Peden Hill    You’re misinformed because you’re watching Fake News CNN.

neutral: "I can only see the notification and you’re misinfor

neutral: But Ruto will never be president.

neutral: My heart and prayers go out to all you Angel families. So glad the President honoured acknowledged you❤️🌹🙏

neutral: The McDonald’s in Costa Mesa has to have an armed guard now!!

neutral: #buildthewall best President ever!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Thank you President Trump for keeping us safe!

negative: American citizens with legally purchased weapons have been killing children in our schools - when will that be declared a national emergency?

neutral: I hope it doesn’t happen to your family members:Libtards!

neutral: It may lessen the human flow but there are other ways to manipulate the system

neutral: "We have the right to be protected

negative: Does any one else find the photo strange? The man doesn't even look human

neutral: Hopefully Gov. you won't wind up with the blood of the good people of California on your own hands.

neutral: "Things will change when someone in the Democratic party (or someone close to them).. goes through this personally .. it may even take several incidences such as this to hit close to home .. But

negative: We also need a wall between big pharma’s fake vaccines and us!!! https://youtu.be/qmzWq6Ej6Os

negative: So South Asia has also to right to build the wall to stop your government way towards more warfare.

negative: "I illegal murder to many 

negative: A border wall won't bring back the dead folks who have been killed by home grown American citizens or by illegal immigrants (who may have come in through an airport).  It is despicable to exploit peoples' personal tragedies for political reasons.

neutral: Build the wall Protect our family our children

neutral: "Please make an executive order to change the name of our country to Mexico

negative: ABSOLUTELY AND FAST.  No more unnecessary loss of life.

negative: Austin Reis Green Did you read some of these comments? Horrible how some have suffered because of this insanity.

neutral: 110 % behind you...2020 we will show the power of the people again !!!

negative: "20 six year olds died at Sandyhook Elementary school

neutral: I love that you put the SAFETY and the SECURITY of our nation first. Unlike many elected officials in Congress. When do we start outlawing the funding by Soros for all these hate groups?

neutral: "Protect yours border

negative: So sorry for youre loss Build the wall

neutral: "Gun regulation may be a better idea

neutral: And enforce e-verify.  Let the activists and lawyers who have gained by the issues help Mexican citizens to do it right!

neutral: Keep our children safe... build the wall!!!

negative: U might want to look at your gun problem as something requiring the recognition of a national emergency before letting a wall jump the que... u do know thats not the only way they get in?

neutral: Really ! What planet did you float in from

neutral: But according to the Democratic party it's ok till it happens to one of their family

neutral: Yes he's RIGHT IF WE DON'T GET IT BUILD NOW IT NEVER WILL

neutral: I Thank you for all you have done for us

negative: How many American citizens kill each other? Far more than illegals do.

neutral: Who is going to protect us from homegrown domestic terrorism?

neutral: What happened to our tax returns?

neutral: How did they get into the country?

neutral: 9/11 was a national emergency. This is a two year effort to live up to a campaign promise that you could not deliver. Mexico paying hahaha

negative: Those guarded walled in people say no this man knows why

neutral: "A illegal shot my 17 year old niece in the face.  If you think it won't happen to you or one of your loved ones

negative: How do drugs get into prison if they have walls?

negative: Its is his highest priority! Even one murder is over the line. Even for one the wall must go up!

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL MR. PRESIDENT 🇱🇷🙏🇱🇷🙏🇱🇷🙏🇱🇷🙏🇱🇷🙏🇱🇷🙏🇱🇷

neutral: "You

negative: What about the white man that killed his family? Or the black man killed but the police. Or the kids shot up in the school by a natural born American? Just curious. I sympathize with ANY one who has lost a loved one due to senseless acts of an individual but how hypocritical of you to make the focus on one race. Hell what about the families of the slave? You can post a articles like this all day on all races. SAD!

negative: "Bush gave the MONEY for the damn wall

neutral: "The only reason Nancy doesn't want a wall

neutral: "This is sickening

neutral: How many schools shooting have there been

neutral: We are behind you!  Build that wall  !!!

negative: No one talks about the money spent for land purchased by the prior administration for the border wall.

neutral: "Walls won't stop this

neutral: "Regarding immigration

neutral: "My question is

neutral: "Do best for  every one

negative: So sorry for your loss there is no excuse for not stopping these horrible acts.

negative: Then why did your new tax plan rob the most from the middle and lower class?

neutral: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/03/06/591209422/trump-administration-quietly-decides-again-to-allow-elephant-trophy-imports?fbclid=IwAR0UUHvk64-9fZR-lRgL2F4rEgU-heY1xVi6FD9Pvf8bwazRMOr2NkoXU9U

neutral: Heart felt prayers to all who have lost loved ones. Yes we NEED a WALL

negative: How many people have been killed by a citizen?  Dumb argument

negative: I agree  build the wall and protect America . So sorry and deeply saddened for your loss sir.

negative: I’m so sorry to hear that. I do believe in our President Trump 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: So true Democrats don't care at all for them self

negative: But how did this illegal get in? From Mexico? From the airport? Oversea?

neutral: Que love TRUMP PENCE for ever the best our héroe 🦸‍♂️ ❤️l

neutral: They also flew into the world trade towers but a wall won’t help that.

neutral: "YES

neutral: Ur great Pres Trump ... watching from Vienna 🇦🇹

neutral: "TRUMP 2020!!! May God bless our nation

neutral: Yes sir that is sad about that girl that Nancy could care less about

neutral: "If Trump had used the reversed theory

negative: I do not understand people how do not want to see the huge problem here ? Scary and sad Build the wall MEGA 2020 🇺🇸👍🏻

neutral: "Amen build the wall 

negative: So sorry for your loss. Yes President Trump needs to finish the wall!

neutral: "Haha

negative: Bad people walk on through imaginary borders.

negative: Pretty soon if no one gets there food stamps.all people are going to starve.then what people going break in houses to eat .just for walls he want to put up.what about the children's belly.then what.its called starvation.

neutral: WWG1WGA! BUILD THAT WALL! praying for all of our protection.

neutral: "We need the wall

neutral: God bless President Trump. We the people love you and will vote for you again in 2020 !!! MAGA TRUMP 2020

neutral: Thank you for doing all that you can. Much love & support!!!#DraintheSwamp #MAGA #JobsNotMobs #WhereisRBG

neutral: Build it! Finally we have a President trying to do what's right for the American people. God bless America❤

neutral: Build the wall!! I support President Trump. I want immigrants to come into our country legally after they have had sufficient background checks. I want a safer America for my children and grandchildren.

neutral: Build that f*cking wall! We the people stand behind you Mr.President! 🇺🇸

neutral: Walls and Laws! Keeping building the wall and uphold the law! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL #PRESIDENTTRUMP use El Chapos seized money #THANKSELCHAPO

neutral: "God Bless Our ""ANGEL FAMILIES""-!!!"

neutral: Such evil times we live in.  Good in you Trump ❤

neutral: President Trump you need to stop the slaughter of babies. You also need to help our children dyeing from vacines. States are taking med and religious exemptions away.

negative: "Patti Piccione Zambuto  It’s not President Trump that is for murdering Babies

neutral: Sandra Nelson  Exactly that was a plea for help.

neutral: "Patti Piccione Zambuto  Exactly

neutral: BUILD OUR WALL - WALLS WORK - KEEP AMERICA SAFE & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !!

neutral: Yea.  And then go into the bowels of cities and clean what’s here.  File citizenship papers or your out of here 😊

neutral: "Thank you so much Mr.President.  I apologize for the liberal morons that are so very horrible to you even after you do everything in your power to protect them and their families.  There is something seriously wrong with them.  But they do not represent the hard working self sufficient families in this country and the rest of us are ecstatic that there is FINALLY a leader that ""gets it"""

neutral: The wall is one thing he is working on not the only one. We needed this wall long before now for a lot of reasons.

neutral: "Yes Sir

neutral: Trump logic that will bring her back

neutral: "Apowerfulmen

negative: sorry for your loss but we need to put the blame where blame is due to the last 5 president's promise it and never did a dam thing so I blame them  [  I THINK MR TRUMP IS SENT FROM GOD HIMSELF ]]

neutral: We can't build the wall with our tax money because that's socialism! Let's make Amazon or Walmart or one of the big oil companies build it... about time they pay us back for all the subsidies they get.

negative: YES POTUS PINOCCHIO! WHATEVER YOU SAY! CALL GUN CONTROL A  NATIONAL EMERGENCY!

negative: Yeah i can see how touched you are demonrat  you are so blind by the fake news media and by the demonrat party that you can't see how much things he has accomplished

neutral: HAVE YOU ACTUALLY SEEN THE NEW  WALL PARTS BUILT?

neutral: PLEASE POST YOUR PROOF!

neutral: Who will mow the grass and clean my car duh wuh happen

neutral: What kind of wall after the Vegas shooter?

neutral: Saves lives of border patrol too. They have family.

negative: What a horrible shame! And the taxpayers are saddled with paying for ALL the illegals living expenses! When is this going to end?!

negative: "I've never hired an illegal

negative: AMEN-people just refuse to see the danger!!!!

neutral: "Get that wall built

negative: "Has Trump even mentioned the shooting this week of 5 people by Another American  who should not have had a gun. Nothing to do with the southern boarder again.  This post is one immigrant story which is now very old. Add up the amount of Americans our own Americans have killed in mass shootings!The emergency is new gun laws!!! And as for drugs

neutral: True we need the wall n sorry for your  loss God give you strength

negative: How many parents in America complaining that guns killed their kid?

negative: Why wait til your loved one is on the list?  Stop illegal immigration

neutral: I'll help build the wall ... Save our jobs . Our benefits & health care .

neutral: Agree 💯 with you President Trump!!! Build that Wall!! God bless America and God bless Israel!

negative: How many people have been killed by other American citizens??

neutral: EVEN IF IT MEANS THE DEMS WON'T GET THEIR PACK OF MONEY FROM THE SOUTH.

neutral: "May her memory be eternal

negative: How many immigrants desecrate American families by  committing these mass murders!

neutral: Will the wall keep us safe from Democrats ?

negative: Shame you dont mean that...there will be nothing left if you dont protect what we need..https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/2/15/1834958/-Federal-judge-dismisses-butterfly-sanctuary-s-restraining-order-Trump-s-bulldozers-roll-on

negative: People die from these types of accidents all the time. But when they're American they usually blame it on the alcohol the difference is agenda...

neutral: Did someone say impeach Pelosi??? 😁😁😁

neutral: national emergency your a joke to the world

neutral: The wall is being built. keep going

neutral: "We agree with you 109%

neutral: "DUI ended you daughter's life

negative: While living in Chandler AZ...I was viciously raped by an illegal immigrant @ knifepoint in my own house after he broke in.😢

negative: How many deaths are attributed to illegal immigrants in the past calendar year? Now compare that to gun violence in this country by our OWN citizens? I’ll wait....

negative: This is how American citizens treat their children in our own country? https://www.abc15.com/national/texas-parents-arrested-after-young-children-found-locked-in-dog-cage-living-in-squalor

negative: "When my son was at a camp for young people with disabilities

negative: Why don't we protect our vulnerable citizens from being harmed? https://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/arizona-health/2019/01/28/arizona-law-gave-preference-hacienda-healthcare/2574597002/

neutral: "Build the wall and see how good it works and the truth will be known and in the open for everyone.  That's what N.P. is worried about that the truth will be out

negative: White male gunmen gave killed more than anybody from Mexico   Parkland

neutral: A US worker allowed my disabled son to roll off of a changing table and fall onto a concrete floor.

neutral: https://scontent-ort2-2.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/42743601_1965638283458054_6855950767258337280_n.jpg?_nc_cat=1&_nc_ht=scontent-ort2-2.xx&oh=7109e70aace4b7f3d7dcf041f223dffb&oe=5D26AB43

negative: "So sorry that happened!  Prayers for you and your family

neutral: ............I  HAVE   NOT  KNOW  THE  LONG  DETAIL  ABOUT  THAT..................

negative: So sorry for your loss! We need the wall!

neutral: "Is that why you want isis in the UK

neutral: God bless you Mr. President Donald J. Trump and your family

neutral: An America killed my best friend where should we build a wall to keep out?

negative: "100 US citizens are the victims of violent crime at the hands of illegals every day  If one of your loved ones was a victim

negative: Kelli Annette Smith we are looking to lock up stupid people...what's your address. This is a about strange people sneaking in to hurt people....did ya see all those Angel Moms?? Did you see the families that didnt have to grieve?

neutral: So much good will come from building the wall. Trump 2020.

neutral: I support mr trump. It is a need the wall descition is great

negative: Crime has no color. Hate and resentment only bring more turmoil. Trust in God. Not in a wall or Trump.

neutral: Thank you for all you are doing for the American people!  Build the wall!

neutral: "Please make them razor sharp

negative: Are you fucking kidding me right now?

negative: So sorry for your loss. Build the Wall

negative: An illegal immigrant was drunk driving and killed NFL linebacker Edwin Jackson. News was mostly silent...

neutral: "DemocRats don't care

neutral: The border is 2000 miles long what's 200 miles of wall going to do really?

neutral: Daniel Jenkins everything!

neutral: Denise Paige  if the border is over 2000 miles long 200 miles of wall won't do anything they will have 1800 miles of no wall to still come across.

neutral: My father was killed in Mesa AZ hit and run long story short they told me the driver probably went back to Mexico and that's why they couldn't find him !!! I'm glad the wall is being built God speed Patriots

negative: President Trump do you have a response to the Speaker of the House and Diane Feinstein’s threats of a Civil War yo disarm law Abiding Americans citizens?

neutral: "Whats really happening 

negative: "Ann Coulter ....Thinks you are an idiot...Donald

neutral: Not happy for their loss. So devastating    Glad only they support trump

negative: So sorry for your loss. Let's pray that no more parents must suffer this horror.

neutral: "I don't understand why there is so much resistance from the democratic party

negative: "If you would like to report illegal aliens

negative: That’s horrible! She was very beautiful and I’m so sorry for your loss.

neutral: "Build walls around our High Schools

neutral: Americans must support Donald J Trump in all aspects in other to get America working again.  Donald J Trump for second term

negative: "All these comments about white people hurt my feelings

neutral: Good please also drain the swamp on processes food and get it out of the markets before it kills more American Families go strong on FDA  and keep them legit as it seems they are approving poison ☠️

negative: Build the wall way to many entering illegally.

negative: Domestic gun violence killed many many many more.

negative: Demand your da to prosecute governor mayor even senators who allowed the murder to be here there are laws against aiding and abetting also go after aclu

negative: If we could get every angle family affected in this way to March onto  capital hill

neutral: "For those of you who want the WALL

neutral: "Why are dims against it

neutral: Steve Finigian you should research before dropping BS.

neutral: Love you Mr. President. #MAGA. Time to #ENDBORDERMADNESS

neutral: That’s one up for polosi an Schumer

neutral: "To clarify. My ""like"" is for preventing more of this."

neutral: the democrats dont care they want the vote but the demos are very stupid the people coming in are going to vote for their own like in new york and minn   such stupid people in thes country

negative: I am so sorry for your loss.  We agree the wall should be built.

neutral: Only if Mexico pays for it.

negative: Bullshit! If protection for American families was Dumpster's highest priority he'd be having high level meetings to look for solutions to our national gun fatalities emergency.

negative: So sorry that happened! It never should have happened!

neutral: May GOD be the force that wins this battle.  Have a blessed day with family.  You're entitled to it.  GOD says so.

neutral: He should be able to have an eye for an eye

neutral: Ride Mr President. You have true love for America. God bless President D. Trump.

neutral: That and distracting from the Russian thing.

negative: https://wokesloth.com/trump-gets-roasted-for-declaring-national-emergency-and-immediately-going-golfing/stefan/?utm_content=buffer5461c&utm_medium=facebook&utm_source=thegoodlordabove&utm_campaign=bloomjoy

neutral: Thank you Mr.President.  I agree. After having finished，reading，I  thought that you should push forward measures to prevent such a sad event by all means in the same way.

neutral: We can and will build the wall! We need it for protection from invaders! God bless this country once again!

neutral: "Patsy

negative: "What about all the whites killing Americans here

negative: This is bullshit how many American have killed Mexicans 🤔

neutral: Some white co workers ate by breakfast tacos. Build the wall🤣🤣🤣🤣

negative: "Stop killing innocent people in Indian occupied Kashmir 

neutral: "We have to do something

neutral: Obama should of still been are present still.o ya.

neutral: "Keep up the good work President Trump. Thank you for donating your paychecks

neutral: "To all of you Angel Families

negative: Trump Declares State Of Emergency To Build Border Wall -- Here's How That Could Wreck The Ecosystem | IFLScience https://www.iflscience.com/environment/trump-has-declared-a-state-of-emergency-to-build-his-border-wall-heres-what-that-means-for-the-ecosystem/

negative: "ABSOLUTELY!!! And brand every illegal half a dozen spots on their body

negative: Well you no what he's talking the food of the table .and don't you think there's enough homeless people all ready.what about kids how are they going to eat .and he's putting wall.well every one staves.thats wrong.i pray he will never be are present again.no way.

neutral: A post that didn't get laugh reacts. Good.

neutral: For those of us impacted by the actions of an illegal we understand the importance of the wall as well as other border security. For those who are against this I would say walk a mile in my shoes but I would never wish that horror onto anyone.

negative: And AMERICAN born CITIZENS are killing my fellow AMERICAN FRIENDS !!!

neutral: God Bless Trump and all his efforts to keep us safe

negative: "The first step is to recognize the problem

neutral: How's your golf game going? Bone spurs not acting up?

negative: In other news another WHITE man killed multiple people

neutral: Yes we need a wall erected as soon as possible !!

neutral: Im sorry for all the loses. GOD BLESS the ANGEL families. In my prayers.

neutral: Support the wall yes absolutely agree with you.

negative: @Cancel President Day ... until we get a ligitimate one!

neutral: "Will you please pardon Mr. Gallagher

negative: "Just like banning guns wont keep criminals from getting them

neutral: Thank you...President Trump!! Stay strong!! We love you Mr. President 45 ❤❤❤💐💐💐

neutral: "What if I told you walls don't work

neutral: sacrafice liberty for security 👍🇺🇸

negative: I'm sorry for your loss but a wall will not solve anything.

neutral: Prayers for you and the wall🙏❤️

negative: I never imagined that we would literally have to fight our own government just to keep us safe .this new democrat party is out of control and they need stoped before they kill us all

negative: So very sorry . This should of never happened .

neutral: "Get it done

negative: You want them in this country where men and women have lost their lives to protect it ? Then open your doors and homes and let them in ? No ???? Didn't think so.

neutral: The wall is looking better and better

neutral: No wander they want more and more control it's for our own benefit 😂

neutral: "People

neutral: BUILD THE WALL SAVE A  LIFE THE MOST EMPORTANT JOB ON THE LIST

neutral: Betsy Hammond How much would the money HUSSAIN  SENT TO IRAN BUY????

neutral: If you have open borders you know longer have a border!!!! I agree with Trump 100%.

neutral: "The  givernment government has  not  protected  you  and  your

neutral: God bless our President! We the people support our President! Build the walls!

neutral: You  are  have my  condolences.  The  government  have

negative: How did these immigrants get here? Probably at a port of entry. El Paso's crime level has increased since a wall was put up.

negative: Right wing Trump supporters have killed over 50 on school and public area mass shootings. We need to deport all Trump supporters and impeach/remove Trump

neutral: "My heart breaks for all the Angel Families

neutral: We are praying for all those who have lost loved ones. 🙏❤️💙

neutral: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸BUILD THE WALL!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Best President ever!

negative: The press and media serve as a check and balance on power which is an underlying principle to our freedom. Power tends to corrupt and absolute power tends to corrupt absolutely. We need a check and balance on executive power.

negative: Sorry for your lost build the wall

negative: What are we doing about all the mass shootings? This is a scare tactic. Give border patrol what they want. This wall has become a huge distraction.

neutral: "Republicans in congress have no back bone.. old withering rich men. 0 miles have been built 2 years later

neutral: How did that Immigrant get into the country ?

neutral: "Many thanks 

neutral: Thank you President Trump for building the wall and protecting the boards

neutral: "Don't trust turtle head

neutral: "That’s right ask Nancy palosi how her wall helps her 

neutral: "Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT or doing what should have been done so long ago.  I do believe you love our country.  I dont know how you do it

negative: Individual 1 exploits these families to fit his narrative. We have walls 650 miles of them. #Donthecon

neutral: I see this everyday hearing illegals tell me that the us pays there house cars and on food stamps.

neutral: I don't need to loose a loved one to know this wall needs to happen

negative: If these two had a baby together the whole thing would just be a long ass forehead😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

neutral: Do we our money eith our family .Do far our kids social security  benefit has used during Obama era for eight years  .we get any thing .

negative: Does anyone not think that the Democrats are corrupt and making money from groups that profit from the illegal immigrants and drug smuggling coming across the border?

neutral: We need something!! Build wall.......  Unless someone has a better idea..  Has nothing to do as to if you like Trump or not.. We need wall

neutral: There are many better ideas. A wall won't stop the tunnels nor will it stop the fentanyl thats flying in fromChina.

neutral: Trump cant seem to get the funding for the wall with out....well running in to a wall. So here's an idea.  build military bases along the boarder and do training exercises. I would imagine if you fly fighter jets up and down the boarder you would be able to cover a lot of ground and radio in to boarder control locations of Invaders. And with foot troop on the ground doing exercises there would be plenty of man power to help round them up.

neutral: Steven Keslar god ur gay. How about he does what he’s doing

negative: And even if he gets 8 billion that won't build the wall that's just a start dumb ass he will have to come up with 25-67 billion to build the wall. So have another beer moron. I'm sure the last 3 brain cells are starting to sober up

neutral: Steven Keslar just like we sued obummer? Not going to work

neutral: I do agree with your idea though

negative: Steven Keslar why do you feel the need for name calling. I swear u should have been a liberal

negative: When have I not name called ? Wouldn't be me if I wasn't trying to offend you

neutral: Hayden Blair sueing is just going to tie up the funds I didn't say he wouldn't get the money. Moving the bases and starting training exercises would just be a cheaper  option that would get us a more effective boarder control almost immediately. He would still build the wall as funds became available  And would make the wall more secure even after it was built

negative: Dumb ass

neutral: I so agree with the wall. I am tired of the demos saying that he American people don't want the wall. how dare they speak for the majority of the people who are all in for the wall. demos don't  answer for me. build the wall. trump 2020

negative: "Build that wall!  So sorry for your loss

neutral: Democrats don’t want you to be successful because they don’t have anything that comes close to what you have don’t in two years. MAGA Mr. President

neutral: Then why do we have the h2a programs in place???

neutral: YES WE NEED BUILD BORDER WALL NOW

neutral: "Come on America!  Not nearly enough shares of this post! Do not expect the MSM to spread the information

negative: Build the wall and stop this crap before we the silent majority have to.

negative: "Why do you believe that being killed by an illegal immigrant is somehow worse than being killed by citizen - which happens with far more frequency? In Texas

neutral: Except....only water separates L. Ontario (Canada) and by N.Y. state. Look at the statistics

negative: "Trump’s fake emergency is a sign of weakness

negative: And a wall would have stopped him.... right.

neutral: Yes Obama sent billions to Iran to build a wall!!! We weren't made aware of it but it was his parting gift to the hard workers of America

neutral: "If you people think a border wall is going to keep illegals out

negative: "So sorry for your loss and yes we need to protect our citizens. No one complains about foreign countries laws regarding entering their country. Why do we allow it

neutral: "If this were an anecdotal comment

neutral: Thank you Mr president for helping us Americans.

neutral: & why shouldn’t we have a wall???  Let’s hear some logical reasons......

neutral: "I support you  100 percent 

neutral: So very sorry for the loss of your lovely daughter. Thank you for supporting President Trump.

neutral: Can we do something about these radical Muslims now??

neutral: BUILD THE WALL....let’s get started...🙏🏻💕

negative: What about the five people yesterday??? Let's declare emergency on gun control!!!!

negative: God bless you sir sorry for your loss might have been prevented if people had guts and backed trump

neutral: "You know if walls are important to you

negative: Sorry and sad for your lost we definitely need to man up with the wsll

negative: "Sorry for your losses enough is enough time to protect America

neutral: "But nothing at all has been done about the dozens of white men/citizens who have been involved in mass shootings over many years in this country. Schools

neutral: "The Secure Fence Act of 2006 (Pub.L. 109–367)

neutral: Thank you President Trump for fighting for us. 🇺🇸Trump 2020🇺🇸

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL MR. PRESIDENT! I'm with you on this!

neutral: "Need the wall AND total immigration reform: end of birthright citizenship

negative: A American president killed my country I feel your pain

negative: What about the thousands of citizens that kill citizens?

neutral: Complete it 100% for the ENTIRE length of the southern border please. Not just certain sections.

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/PoliticalCorrectnessGoneWild/photos/a.506655886092108/2136549723102708/?type=3&theater  Share this as a reminder who Donald J. Trump wants to protect!

negative: So sorry too all of you for your unimaginable losses. 😔  BUILD THE WALL MR. PRESIDENT!!!   #buildthewall

neutral: Fine words.......... Show Us The Proof instead of the headline ?

neutral: Prayers for all families! God Bless our President!

neutral: So do guns but the government is slowly taking them away.

negative: "Stewart Schaniel guns are not being taken away just laws to make sure they are in the right hands. Because remember guns do not kill people but people kill people. We need mental health checks

negative: "Sorry for your loss

negative: It is sad that Democrats have no feeling for American loss of life..  Just seem to intensely care for Latinos trying to get across the border.

negative: Sing with me!  All in all  It's just a  tiny dick and no wall!

negative: Sad some think so little of innocent Americans

negative: Oh so sad. We must protect us from evil.

neutral: I trust you read my comments on how to end this thing.

negative: Especially in the vulnerable areas!

negative: I propose building a wall in memory of those lost over the past 3 decades due to lack of and ineffective border security. Think of all those lost since 1990 due to terrorist attacks along with all of those killed by illegal criminal aliens. The wall could be similar to that of the Vietnam Veterans Wall and it could travel throughout all 50 states making people aware of the lives lost giving us the opportunity to pay homage to them. Thank you for all you do Mr. President. We are praying for you in all your decisions and endeavors.

neutral: "We must revise Immigration Laws

neutral: Some people dont want to hear the truth...bet on Beto as one of them...

neutral: Beto knows the truth.

neutral: I pray that the democrats will see the need and help.

neutral: Take the money from El Capo and get it built!  Thanks

negative: CRIMINALS COME IN ALL COLORS.....just saying.

neutral: Thank you! Now build the damn wall Push Sen. Cruz's bill for term limits thru Congress Spin up an investigation to expose how senators and representatives are becoming millionaires on $175k a year. Stop all foreign support to countries which have a dictatorship  Tactical nuke Syria and call it a day Then get North Korea on the phone and ask if he wants the same thing  You have our support....now take the ball into the endzone.

negative: When Trump finish fucking up the economy they will leave anyway!!!

neutral: TYPING IN ALL CAPS MAKES EVERYONE FEEL IMPORTANT!!!

negative: I’m so sorry for your loss... I agree that President Trump is right about the wall.

neutral: One of my good friends was killed by a guy whose surname was Wall

neutral: So sorry for your loss. May God let you feel his love and presence. And may he lead America and our leaders to make sure this never happens again!!! 🙏

neutral: I support wall 100% for drugs dillers

neutral: Hameedullah Safi my dude you can't even spell dealers correctly that wall gonna fall over 😂😂😂

neutral: What we will do if they belt tunnels after we belt the wall???

neutral: Mary Langan what??

neutral: Mary Langan why?? Do u know there are many tunnels under many border all over the world??

neutral: God bless Our President! Prayers for you every day!

negative: You can't sign that bill...way too many horrible things in there.

neutral: "please get Donald Jr. off the campaign   trail

neutral: Build the wall!!!! Include California it!!!

neutral: 7 FACTS about immigration.  https://www.facebook.com/142474049098533/posts/2354864591192790/

negative: We will be no safer and billions of dollars poorer.  It’s a farce

neutral: Thank you for trying to keep us safe!!!!! Build the wall!!!!!

neutral: Please please please build that Wall Mr Trump

negative: Don’t forget the Sheriff that was killed in California by an illegal immigrant which the Governor completely ignores.

neutral: Heard this man on Fox and Friends Sunday. Very articulate and passionate. Great spokesperson. So sorry for his loss😞

negative: They crashed into my son's truck twice. No drivers license or insurance

negative: "Sorry to hear about your daughter

neutral: "We have been a country of law and order

negative: Mr President dont forget america is build and made from emigrants from all over the world

negative: Your all strong than me some hurts one of my children or a family member I wont stop I'd destroy everyone of there family and them

neutral: If we would donate a dollar for every comment then we would have more then needed for the wall

neutral: Please DON’T sign the Border Wall bill.   TOO much Fat in 1100 pages.

negative: Build wall wall  sorry those people kill by immigrants. If open borders .believe me  Come Criminal. Kill drive with out license  been hate 3 times Immigrants  until my car small damage  Ignore Those . Democrat do job . Pray for  2020 victory again  hate jackpot winners lol.America it’s Amazing  🙏🙏🙏👍🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: Sr. As a father I’m Very Sorry ! I’m so sick of the SCUM that sits in the senate and House speaker is a Pig and Traitor

neutral: "We have to build it first

neutral: "What about all the mass shootings

neutral: Stopping drugs at our ports and better tracking expired visas works better. Get El Chapo (Great Idea Ted Cruz) to pay for the wall and put that money into port security and visa tracking. Most bang for the buck.

neutral: Dear President Trump....FB  will NOT let me re-post many of my posts....please help me

negative: "And kill tons of animals

neutral: BUILD THE WALL STRONG FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE

neutral: It's better to look into this Trump.  Before things get out of hand

neutral: No Free Rides Act!  No tax refunds for illegals granted amnesty!

negative: He's a minute man. I am sure he killed a lot of immigrants. Or allowed them to cross over the border with out properly identifying the immigrants. So where's the justification in that?

neutral: what?

neutral: You idioits actually believe itll work lol

negative: Angel Adrian Urbina it cant hurt to try and its better than doing nothing even if it stops only half I would take it.

neutral: That's true go ahead Mr. President and If you want مقاول انفار let me know please😂😂😂

neutral: Ahmed Abd Elsamea what does that mean?

neutral: Gary Lynn McGhee it means nothing.

neutral: Large walls with armed guards anyway

neutral: So we are going to build a SOCIALIST wall?  Paid for by the people against their will?

neutral: Walls work or else all the rich wouldn’t have such high ones around their estates. Also lead works wonders too!

negative: We should of stopped this a “head” of time.

neutral: Replace all of those a##hole  dems.

negative: So so sorry for your loss of a young beautiful daughter.

negative: I see ulot of peoples on this page talking about drunk driveers I lost my hold family from a druck driver only I live out of 4 peoples.

neutral: "Just hope after the wall is built

negative: "Ashton Thompson Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

neutral: We can t blame the vulgar or bad feelings of the most people for our deceptions.....they are what they can .....but we must live and fight for God América and all people deserves to live with moral respeat and true love in GOD for América!!!!!!

negative: "Peasants and criminals

negative: One life lost to someone on our country illegally is one too many.   Stop the madness.  Put Americans first

negative: "This type of divisive claptrap is exactly what the Australian government has been feeding us for the past 10+years and we are finally waking up to it. Keep the public ignorant and xenophobic because that makes us easier to control. Just do a little bit of research and

neutral: We need to build that damn wall.  Those naysayers need to actually spend some quality time helping our boarder gaurds.

neutral: Pls Like Janam Tv  fB Page  American Support channel  subscribe Janam Tv youtube

neutral: "Walls don't work if we still let them in

neutral: Nancy and Chuckie are you two listening? 👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂

neutral: "I am from Kenya

neutral: "Thank you President Donald Trump

negative: So sorry for the loss of  your precious child.

neutral: Are we just gonna over look the massive foreheads

negative: BUILD A WALL.  IN NEW MEXICO TOO AS WE ARE DESPERATE TO STOP DRUGS AND VIOLENCE

neutral: 100 % right the best president in my Lifetime for sure

negative: A wall will not stop illegal immigration ! If there’s a will there is a way! You think all illegals come from Mexico? You’re so misinformed !

negative: I wish the POTUS would share on national fake news the previous dem president's speeches which call for border protection and immigration reform. I know Clinton made a speech on this during one of his state of the union addresses.

negative: AMAAAAAAZING how many Right Wingers have become socialists by wanting US to pay for the wall.

neutral: Need build the wall...President Trump do the right thing...😘🧡🧡🧡

neutral: What is justified doesnt need to be justified....

neutral: Why not put the army at the bordee that money can be spend much better or wiser

neutral: Agreed.  Democrats want to rebel but how much money Oblamma give Iran?

negative: So sorry for your loss yes we must build the wall it Hass to be done

neutral: Am I the only person thinking their foreheads are monstrous?

neutral: None of us are safe. https://www.apnews.com/Shootings

negative: DID THIS ILLEGAL COME THROUGH A PORT OR THROUGH  THE DESERT? I want to know.

negative: You're a fucking moron. Quit fear mongering.

neutral: "Make sure nobody has guns in America

negative: "More crimes are committed by U.S. citizens than by undocumented people. Walls are not needed. As the Pope says

neutral: How many mass shootings by non-immigrants?

neutral: "Sandy hook

neutral: "Sandy Theriault 

negative: Obviously a big percentage of our Americans WANT the drugs! You really think the drug addicts in American won’t find other ways or do worse stuff to get it here! How can anyone think trump is doing “right” he’s WRONG! We’ve never had so many bad things happen like we do since he’s been president!! #ImpeachTrump use the “wall funding” for children with cancer or homeless/jobless people. Fucking bullshit!!

neutral: Build the wall . We really need it for all of our protection. Get it done Mr President.

neutral: Thank you mr. President for putting America and Americans first. We stand with you 100%.

neutral: If that’s your priority try to do something about mass shootings

negative: Democrats don't care how many American citizens are murdered. Only worried about illegals who shouldn't be here in the first place but will somehow vote for them...smdh

negative: Betsy Hammond:How much money do you think could be put towards these issues if not for the billions of dollars spent on illegal immigrants.

neutral: Why don't this matter to Peosi and Smuck?

neutral: "Dems care more about Illegals than US Citizens

negative: Ok let’s put it to u this way if you baby was on the other side of the wall crying how many ways could you think of to get to your baby sit down and write down all the pros and cons then on another piece of paper it the Military was holding your baby list all the ways you think you could honestly do to get thru them to get to you baby

neutral: Nothing against building the wall but arent they coming through underground tunnels???

negative: Candy Chen digging a tunnel makes it more difficult and time consuming for the cartels.

negative: That is a big problem in San Diego

neutral: That’s right.  Just think if it was your family members killed or addicted how would you vote? The dems discuss me but I am beyond discuss with the Republicans that are not supporting our President.  All we can do is 🙏for the best President and the USA

negative: Everyone knows that legal citizens never kill anyone.

negative: When can I play golf with you?  I'll pay my own travel expenses.

neutral: "THANL YOU SO MUCH FOR PUTTING US FIRST .YOU ARE MY .HERO

negative: Agree!!! I have a list of people to deport and revoke their “fake citizenship “ have proof they lied on their application

neutral: Build it and make it so the Democratic nation can’t take it down. 👍✌🏼

negative: So sorry for your loss. God comfort you and family.

neutral: Democrats building walls around themselves .

neutral: Thank you for fighting for Americans!  We appreciate you so much🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: No life is worth 5 billion dollars says every Democrat everywhere 😔

neutral: Also enforce the law in regards to USCIS form I 9

neutral: All in favor of the wall should volunteer their time and go help build it and donate $

neutral: "As it turns out

neutral: Build the wall Mr President!🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Remember Democrats are unamerican and dangerous to United states of America....God bless you and the family

negative: Legal immigration is also destroying this country as most people just overstay. Shut it all down

neutral: Certain people do not believe that a southern border wall will make any difference but just wait until it hits home and someone they love lose their life because of lack of that border wall you better believe it

negative: I am so sorry for this man's loss of his daughter @

neutral: Oh God misrepresentation at its finest

neutral: Still so many brainwashed programmed sheep

neutral: "We NEED to BUILD THE WALL!!! Thank you

neutral: "it

negative: so sorry for your loss. I agree with you for many reasons

negative: Yes people we have several problems in this country mass shootings drugs illegal aliens and so on so forth.  We now have a president who is picking a problem and doing something about it.  Then we can move on to the next thing.   It may not be the fix all but even if it only keeps out half the drugs and illegal's that's a huge victory. Build to wall.

neutral: I have never heard one valid reason why the wall should not be built.😎

neutral: Just shows our politicians only care about power and money. Donald can only be in office for 4 more years then it's back to the same old.

negative: Fact: Those in the Trump administration commit crimes at a higher rate than illegal immigrants.

neutral: Heaven has walls the great wall of China works well too.#factsudemdummycrats

neutral: "Aurora

neutral: yes we must  this stuff has been going on way too long..

negative: People will come into open doors of your house. Leave your house and open the doors and you will see with open doors people just walk in.

neutral: "Why aren't the moms of American civilians murdered in shooting sprees by American citizens called ""angel moms"" too?"

negative: BUILD..THE..DAMN..WALL..ALEADY

neutral: Wall? It will not do anything except create more tunneling. Focus on our infrastructure.

negative: hey scumbag you and your friends can write off your private jets but teachers can't write off a globe for their classroom you're an asshole

neutral: And what about the mass shooting yesterday is that ok

neutral: We could use this guys forehead for the wall. Haha

negative: It is a national crisis and anyone thinking otherwise should go live at the border for a month!!

neutral: And also how about you sleep with your house unlocked and unalarmed.

neutral: The President should have a meeting with Dennis Michael Lynch and work on immigration.

negative: Am so sorry for their losses. Will you please also speak up about all the innocent lives lost due to gun violence?

neutral: God bless you Mr President! You the best!!!

neutral: "Merriam Webster 

negative: "We need to stop accepting fake asylum claims  they are draining our resources

negative: This is most definitely why we need a wall. This is a sad story.

neutral: I thought for sure this story would be about those big ass fore-heads. Lol

negative: He's so big on immigration reform yet he employs  so many illegal immigrants and married one then had her parents come over here think about

neutral: "KEEP US SAFE MR. PRESIDENT

negative: So sorry for your loss may God heal your heart

negative: What about the thousands who have been murdered by Americans who never should have been allowed a gun in the first place?

negative: I am all for trump trust me! But signing the bill we got raped

negative: How many Americans kill other American?

neutral: Yes we need the wall for our kids and grandchildren.

neutral: Trump has such a wonderful agenda to return us back to somewhat normal in resemblance of yesteryear.  Its sad he has such idiots slowing him down.  It must be frustrating.

negative: The only wall we needa build is around trumps goofy havin assss😤😤

neutral: We need Wall President Trump 🙏🙏🙏

negative: All for the National Emergency but the National Security bill needs VETO’d if it makes it that far. Don’t give in. It sucks!

neutral: Keep up good work President Trump

negative: How did that illegal get here?

neutral: "Christopher Curry  According to the Democrats

neutral: He came through a tunnel and he was selling fentanyl that flew in from China.

negative: Jason Hicks so a wall makes no difference

neutral: Those that support this action are supporting fascism. If you want fascism then get out of my country.

neutral: "Thank you Mr. President

neutral: 9K Likes in 15 minutes? How am I supposed to talk to this guy?

neutral: The Democrats lust for power is stronger than their desire to make American citizens safer.

negative: 🇺🇸🇺🇸 Americans safety 1st! 🇺🇸🇺🇸  Condolences to this family and all the families that have lost a loved one due to heinous actions of illegal immigrants....🙏🏻

neutral: El Chapo's people  are Expert mine diggers

negative: "An American citizen killed 17 kids in Parkland Fl

neutral: "Stay Strong Mr. President. Build the Wall and protect Americans lives and our Country

neutral: Not from American born nut jobs with guns it won’t...  priorities.....?

negative: "All you folks who say that walls don't work are either stupid or too blinded by liberalism to see past the end of your nose. If walls don't work then why are their walls around prisons

negative: stop the foreign aid that we have no clue as to who it is actually going to...

neutral: Thank you for putting America first.

negative: If the illegal was caught then kill the illegal.

negative: "It's about time we impeach the people that are fight President Trump on our border security.  They must have forgotten that their duty is to the American people

neutral: Yes President keep up the good work you’re an amazing man and president! 👏❤️

neutral: Glad i live in canada you guys are nuts

neutral: I wonder why all the border security experts say a wall won't do much....hmmm...

neutral: Just remember how el chapo manage to transport so many drugs around the world lol . He even built a tunnel . Won’t stop lol not every criminal is illegal 😂

neutral: El Chapo's people dig underneath walls

neutral: Thank you Mr President! For listening to us Americans who care about our country and fellow Americans!

negative: "Chris Holman seriously?? Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

neutral: And your point is? Every little bit helps.

negative: USA has killed most people over the world how many Americans cross borders to take advantage of child prostitution and so much to list here that not counting asholes

neutral: then those countries need to address the fact huh?

negative: "I submit that things consistently being uncontrollable at the border for so many years proves that the only way to actually gain control over it IS to declare it a national emergency. It's clear just trying to legislate activity hasn't done anything substantial.  If alcohol is negatively impacting your liver and you continue to drink doesn't that call for stronger measures against drinking? So a doctor informs you to stop or you'll die. Yet you continue to imbibe alcohol. At what point does that become considered a health emergency? Or do you just keep hearing that you have to stop or you'll die until that actually becomes the reality. By then it's to late to respond with corrective action. ...in this case America is the ""body"" and drugs are killing the body. Over the years it's only getting worse. They say they will stop it with legislation but never really stop it. The addict is going to allow themselves to die and the members of the body are sort of not wanting to let that happen. Only the ""brains"" of the American body aren't acting in unity to get the body off drugs

neutral: "Take a good look 

neutral: God bless you President Trump! Trump 2020

neutral: am against the wall it's a waste of time and money American please lean to love one another forgive less enjoy the life

negative: NO BRAINER; DEMOCRATS ARE OUTRIGHT CRAZY!!!!!!!

neutral: Australia loves  President Trump keep up the good work 🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺

neutral: God bless you and your family

neutral: God bless America. God bless Trump

negative: "I'm tired of illegals taking jobs from Americans for absolutely dirt cheap pay... The electrical field is hard work but people like my self are willing to work them. But we are tired of fixing their horrible work and not just bad

negative: Eric Morrison blame the business who hired them

neutral: "Oh I can yes. But if we're an illegal who starts his own business and hires other illegals.... Or if you are a home owner looking for cheap labor because your don't make the most money in the the world. Then you hire a guy of Mexican decent but he speaks good English. Only to find his ""work"" is shabby at best and that that man is not even legally here...."

neutral: "Competition is key to competitive prices and work. When the people working don't care about their quality of work

negative: You can't tell me other wise that illegals aren't part of the problem when I personally have experienced the issue first hand.

neutral: Walls work! I live by the border let’s create a safer GREATER AMERICA!!! 🏆🔈🎉

neutral: Is this a Russian post?

neutral: Families in Illinois weren’t protected yesterday!!! Apparently THEY  weren’t your priority...

neutral: Let’s start taking names of RINOs and get rid of them

neutral: Will a wall keep us safe from the kind of  people who blew up the Twin Towers?

negative: I don't blame President Trump for calling the border an emergency. Too many illegals are killing innocent lives

negative: An illegal killed my son.... build the wall!!!!!!

neutral: The whole wall not just a little piece of it the whole wall

neutral: So would free health care. That would help a lot. How about our doctor's being able to practice medicine according to their oath and NOT answer to the insurance man. That might help. Release the free energy patents. Leave the wall down build a hemp trade and build a better earth.

neutral: "Gary Masters  Oh

neutral: Did you know there are shovels in Mexico? https://www.usnews.com/news/national-news/articles/2019-01-18/nearly-400-migrants-tunnel-under-border-wall-to-enter-united-states-from-mexico

negative: I bet if that was Pelosi standing there with a picture of her kid that was killed by an illegal I will bet my life the wall would be built

negative: Hmmmm let’s address what happened in IL yesterday please. Douche

neutral: "This will be the greatest wall! since"" The Great Wall ""of China!"

neutral: Americans must donate funds like we Pakistanies Donating funds for Dams in Pakistan. Best of luck.

negative: Start interior enforcement & not just criminals....

neutral: I need a woman for long team relationship which will lead to marriage

negative: Protect your people. Stop the nonsense

neutral: Yes.  We need the wall.  Thank you Mr. President.

neutral: "LMAO LMAO

negative: A guy from Kansas killed mine.

neutral: "America deserve your services

negative: """I'm declaring a national emergency.""  ""I could do the walk over a longer period of time

negative: Sorry for his lost because we haven’t been protecting our borders correctly.

negative: WE HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM IN SOUTH AFRICA OF KILLINGS INOCENT PPLE..

neutral: "Traggic indeed

negative: "So sad 

neutral: Mr President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence can you investigate this: California's Cash Crop of Harvested Votes in Midterm & Other Liberal Cra... https://youtu.be/V2_hDCB1b0M

negative: "I’m disabled because an illegal took a short cut across a California highway. Not even deported

neutral: Even heaven has a wall and it's not an easy one to get into

negative: So now we are on to scare tactics when Americans kill each other more then we kill cows for food.

negative: "But for the 1200 children killed in the US by guns since the Parkland massacre a year ago

neutral: "Thank you Mr President. Keep up the hard work and God bless you and protect you. If you need me

neutral: Thank you President Trump!! God Bless you and this country!!!🇺🇸

neutral: Wooow  if we all thought The same as the world would  be

neutral: Not all illegals are the same.

neutral: The walls on my house work. And the door lets people in that are aloud. Simple.

neutral: Why can’t we protect the border with thoughts and prayers? It’s what we use to protect our schools...

negative: So sad that we let this happen.

neutral: I feel more radars and imigration agents will be better then a stupid wall. Since he seems to want Hispanics out.

negative: Is it possible dems are getting kickbacks from drug cartels?

neutral: Mr. President donate your paycheck for our beatiful lovely wall that you promise so i could sleep peacefully and secured...by the way let me teach your wife how to make mexican chorizo she will love it thank you GOD BLESS AMERICA

negative: How can you build a wall against gun massacre though idiot

negative: This country is not going  to look like ours any more.  I took my sister to the emergency room 10:00 p m. one night and most all of the people there were Hispanic.  No one was speaking English.  They brought in food which smelled the emergency room up and talked on their phones some with the speakers on.  More than  likely had no insurance.

negative: And trump could care less he just wants to use this death to get funding which he will steal for himself to pay hookers to piss on him sad

neutral: I don’t think that Is a good idea

neutral: Yes thanks for everything. U.S is great and continueing.

negative: Not only complete it but install laws to prevent future issues and weedi g out the ones here uding and selling drugs. Guns. Or people.

negative: People who don't want the wall are for criminals -aka. Democrats. We elected President Trump to fight criminals and we want him to . #BUILDTHEWALL

neutral: Natalie Mims Friese  👏👏👏

negative: What about all the people that have been killed by Americans?  Like the five killed in Aurora yesterday?  Don’t they count?

negative: HAVE A STROKE AND DIE TODAY MOTHER FUCKER

neutral: Yeah a wall definitely would have stopped that from happening... not

negative: Sorry .. for you lost .. RID .. in peace. ...  I lost my sister 2..  an that not make me a racial...

negative: Why does in cost $2500 out of my pocket in two weeks going to a doctor to be set up for high blood pressure medicine. I have insurance. Can you work on that one or do i need to vote democrat nrxt time. You promised and failed to deliver.

negative: No more Damn Anti Gun Laws. The American People have the Right to Defend themselves and their families since Congress Fails to.Both sides of the isle have failed the American People for way too long now.

neutral: Thank you for making me laugh.

neutral: "Amen my brother

neutral: Question about any one that believes walls won’t work do prisons deploy walls anyone I’ve ever seen does I surely don’t see criminals running wild

neutral: Thank you Mr Trump .for caring about the USA and its citizens. Build that Wall..and deport.

negative: Where is my Trump bonus? Taxes are terrible this year? National debt has increased by $2 trillion! What was your Tax this year?

neutral: Not fooling me with one off stories.  Statistics!

neutral: You'd actually have to start it before you can finish it ;)

negative: Dont you try and tell me there is no crisis at the border.

negative: Let’s bring the rest of the world up without collapsing our civilization!

neutral: Agreed!! This country is the joke of the world!!

neutral: Thank  you president  for keeping us safe

negative: So sad.  Build the wall as big as possible!

negative: Ppl from Chicago come to my town and shoot up the place all the time...should we make a wall for Chicago?

neutral: Stephen King they do it’s called jail lots of fencing and Wall!!! 😆

neutral: Randy Mac Tina King well then they can do that for the other ppl lol

neutral: Stephen King they are trying

negative: "I have 3 daughters and can't imagine the pain of losing a child. I'm so sorry for the loss of your child

neutral: they feel special and don't want to stand in line

neutral: "After running as a reformer

neutral: An Army friend of mine from TX once told me in 2001 that when he goes home he wears a border patrol hat just to stir things up and clears the street. When I asked him why he said that his parents came over here legally from Mexico and that it wasn't always easy growing up but they were always proud and that people that come here illegally a just make it harder for everyone else and have no honor. When he and his siblings grew up they went to work for border patrol and the one in the Army. He's who I got my immigration views from because I can respect that.

negative: Ain’t no damn illegal aliens gonna mess with my family or it will be the last thing they ever do. #DontMessWithMyFamily.

neutral: Build the wall Mr President!

negative: "My moms first husband was gunned down by a illegal machine gun

neutral: "God bless President Trump

negative: Because of the wall you might killer her and blame immigrants I think you have also forgot that your wore a immigrant in USA

negative: "Ban alcohol. Ban cars. Ban guns. Ban breathing. All of those things result in death.   PS: If you served in the military and have the balls to message someone else about their opinions on Facebook

neutral: Agree.  Was just at the border to drop off family at PCT start. And it was crazy to see the wall there in person.  Down by Campo CA.  We need the Border protected. Thank you for fighting the good fight for all of us that agree with you.

neutral: Pamela Evans Wahler  I totally agree!  Dems were on board under Obama....What’s changed....They just don’t want another Campaign promise fulfilled by Trump.

neutral: Build the Wall and build a wall around the liberals and California...

negative: Mexico will pay for the wall! I heard that somewhere!

negative: Richard Boudreaux they will... first you have to build it and than get paid from Mexico.... its gonna take a little time.... Ill be laughing when Mexico pays for it without knowing about it....

neutral: "Sir Donald Trump is God sent. Americans don't value what they have

negative: "Trump is playing ya'll for fools. Every politician does it.  They say ""look over there!  They are your enemy!""  Meanwhile committing crimes around the planet with their oligarch partners."

negative: Bullshit! What about the latest massacre??

negative: The news on the left will not report of this. They are full of hate for TRUMP and don't want our country to succeed they care about illegal aliens more than Americans. So sorry for your loss.GOD BLESS YOU !

neutral: President Trump may I suggest you coming to the national farm machinery tractor pull next year

negative: whats that got to do with legal or illegal immigration?

neutral: Tonight Program: -20:24- Meeting with chicken; 20:28 -Drink wine; 21:00- Eat seeds; 24:50: -Meeting bed time;

neutral: "I am not an American citizen

neutral: "Thank you a 1000 times. And the rest of my life

neutral: Julio Zaga; Zero votes.

neutral: "We need to correct the narrative. It is not Trump's wall

negative: So sorry for your loss.  Thank you for standing up for the victims of illegal aliens and the families of those victims.

neutral: To much drama of this euros..bye

neutral: Build the wall and drain the social democratic swamp. President Trump send those liberal NWO GLOBALIST communist traitors to Siberia WHERE THEY BELONG.

neutral: All the Dems I know want it built!!!!

neutral: I am sure Pelosi and Schumer won't send any sympathy flower!

negative: is reasonable gun control on your list?

neutral: What happens if Mexico decides to build a big staircase on there side of the wall ?

neutral: Build the great wall america

negative: So sad. 💔 Stop protecting illegals and start protecting Americans!! Trump 2020!!!!

neutral: "yehaaa build that wall

neutral: "Oh pleez

neutral: losing life is greatest thing we could not accept this !!

neutral: "Nearly 40

neutral: "Trump is right

neutral: You are not going to infringe on my Freedom of Speech as I will not infringe on your Freedom of Speech.

negative: Great job mr president don’t give up the fight. The swamp is worse then anyone ever thought

negative: "why not ban alcohol

negative: Ignoring the law is corrupt. Corruption is what really destroys countries. Places with low levels of corruption have a good standard of living.

neutral: "If Democrats are smart they would just give him the money he wants. Now that he's moved on this and the fact this is such a polarizing subject

neutral: Has Mexico changed their name to Democrat's? Then yeah Mexico is apparently playing haha

negative: Just came to read the illegal killed my family member comments.🖕🏼

negative: What about the CRAZY who killed 5 people yesterday?

neutral: Reason why President Trump won election. Making America Great Again...Building the wall to keep us safe....Democrats Political Power Issue against Trump...well NancyPelosi  Tear down your security Cameras Fences Walls Doors Windows to your home and see how safe you feel....President Trump has accomplished more than any President in office....Make Certain Nancy Pelosi and her Democrand are on the other side of the wall....

neutral: "I agree we must build the wall

neutral: "Firstly

negative: "Democrats have no concern for the victims of ILLIGAL entry into this country and the outcomes such as this; even as saddening as it is. It's all about stopping ANY progress of this presidency - even though he's done more FOR this country and its people

neutral: "WHAT IS THIS WITH THIS WALL AND THE DEMOCRATS AND RINO'S???? I cannot believe we Americans

neutral: Thank you President Trump  for doing your best to protect Americans.

negative: White and Black American citizens killed tens of thousands of Americans. Where is THAT wall going to be built?

negative: "How about all the daughters killed by Americans with guns

negative: "Gregory Baxter look who’s calling who a moron

neutral: what’s a moeron?

negative: Gregory Baxter Are you suggesting men aren't killed by the guns in America?

neutral: Robbie Reid look in the mirror.

neutral: Kidon Gadol nope genius I'm not.

negative: Gregory Baxter More people die from illegal and prescription drugs and medical mistakes than guns in this country. You people really need to get off gun BS cause guess what Guns aren’t going any where. They are in our Constitution. Illegal immigration is NOT.

negative: "Kathy Smith Williams It's a joke asshole

negative: "Learie Jordan The opiate problem in this country was caused by our own drug companies

neutral: Cynthia D Melrose DUH! Which way did he go?

neutral: Keep building the wall and deploying razor wire.

neutral: We stand with you Mr.President.🇺🇸

negative: So sorry for your loss it should never happen the loser Democrats will pay one day 😐🙏

neutral: Prayers for you and your family 🙏

negative: 🐂💩  .. https://www.foxnews.com/us/illinois-workplace-shooting-leaves-5-dead-shooter-killed-officials-say

neutral: I am neither a builder or scientist or whatever== WOULD IT BE FEASIBLE TO PUT SOLAR PANELS ON SECTIONS OF THE WALL?  If possible and Mexico would like to help pay every other panel could face South and both countries could benefit.

neutral: "A strangers apology means little. But as Parent and Patriot there is ZERO tolerance for this. We have OSHA for work place regulations

neutral: "Once a border wall of any real size is installed and paid for

neutral: What's good for Democrats is bad for America...everybody knows this.Democrats are now an adversary of the U.S. and like any enemy of the U.S. they care nothing about National Security and Public Safety..

negative: "One “angel” parent is no different than another. His grief is not greater than a parent who lost a child to a mass shooting. But let’s rage in the streets! Not for both. I mean

negative: How many other daughters were killed by Americans?   A lot more than one. More bullshit.

negative: Without a doubt Those who disagree put other things before our citizens lives and the safety of our country

neutral: There are tens of thousands of us Americans who want the wall!!!  President Trump PLEASE BUILD OUR WALL and save Americans!!!

negative: I feel your pain but trumps wall is wrong

neutral: "Who's going to protect America from YOU

negative: "If there are no illegal crossings

neutral: Open borders and the new dependency class = votes for Dems at tax payer expense.

neutral: TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP WALL WALL WALL.  Our great President Donald J. Trump will go down in history as the only president to fulfill all of his campaign promises!!!!

negative: It really amazes me that there are Millions of people in this country illegally and people don't think that's a problem.

negative: We have had over 300 mass killings in this country since trump’s fake presidency and none have been at the hands of immigrants!

neutral: "John Gardner California  LARGEST INSANE ASYLUM IN THE WORLD  Interesting that the LA Times did this. All the others are staying away from it. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican

negative: John Gardner 300 ? I saw 64...and you want to put fake labels on people ?

neutral: George E Simpkins Jr actually there were 323 mass shootings since trump’s presidency.

negative: "Make no mistake

neutral: Jamie Bennett I agree! What does he care about?

neutral: "Bryan Hurlburt Himself

neutral: So very sorry for the loss of your beautiful daughter. The blood of all these deaths is on Nancy and Ch ucks hand. Praying for your peace.

neutral: "Mr Trump

neutral: "There will never be another President like President Trump!  He does what he says

neutral: You are right and I am always on your side.

neutral: "What about the 40

negative: ... and walls cut off the vote recruitment stream.

neutral: "Go Mr. President

neutral: ...more murder committed by our own legal citizens.  Facts first.

negative: How many sons and daughters has trump killed

neutral: Mike Caffes if you can find one then contact your local police department and give them the evidence.

neutral: "Bull O'Neill you mean one of the 1

negative: "Bull O'Neill HHS officials acknowledged that federal officials lost track of almost 1

neutral: "#AGREE!   Walls work

neutral: There are legal means in which to come in by.

neutral: "It must be done!  If it saved only one citizen's life

negative: Alex Fields Jr wasn't drunk when he ran over and killed someone in Charlottesville. He was just a fine person on one side right?

neutral: President Trump please build the wall. Stop the alien invasion & secure America.

neutral: We love you president Trump 💯💯💯💯 Best president ever 💯❤️

neutral: Thank you Mr. President for caring about America while the democrats don't.

negative: When do we declare gun violence a national emergency ?

negative: "Your loss is heart crushing.  I understand.  What I don't understand is WHY it is only the handful of victims killed by ""illegals"" are worthy of sympathy?  There are murder victims every day all over this country.  Families of those victims aren't deserving of notice because it doesn't further trump's agenda.  Why do other victims not matter?  They too are somebody's child/sibling/parent."

negative: Declares a national emergency. Flies to his resort and goes golfing. Suckers !!!

neutral: Alex J Rod he’s not building the wall with his own hands. He did what he needed to do. Do you ever do anything relaxing on your weekends or do you just work seven days a week?

negative: Janie Rogers Doss the man was not born even present when his son was born.    Emergency 😂😂😂

neutral: Thank you for protecting Americans!

negative: "Serious question: Did the (previous administration's) Operation Fast and Furious SCANDAL guns ""WALK"" over the open border? Or go through the Ports of Entry?  Untrackable Guns that got into the wrong hands."

neutral: God saw fit to put a wall around Jerusalem as He does today in America

neutral: I want to fucc ya daughter ivanka  I will need a lot of condoms  That is protection

negative: No wall will be built. You know it

negative: "What a sad

negative: 4000+ Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants (that we know about)!

neutral: Mass shootings occurred the other day and you still do nothing

negative: "5 private citizens were killed at work in Aurora

neutral: Can America invade Alberta and make it the 51st state

negative: What about all those non illegals that murder like yesterdays shooting...how is a wall going to protect us. National emergency si gun control not trumps promised wall.

negative: A dui. Common man that coulda been anyone. Don’t get all political and bigoted because an illegal drunk driver killed her. Jesus

neutral: It’s time to abolish the Democratic Party

neutral: "Thank you President Trump

neutral: We love you sir! Make Philippians 4:13 your strength and protection and we will continue to pray for you!

neutral: Be firm and committed.Build the wall. Trump Best Ever President.Make America Great Again.

negative: An American killed my Compa!!! He was from back east build that wall down the middle of America!!

negative: "After completing the war

negative: "So many against the border wall until if affects them. Wake up before it affects you and your family. Illegal immigrants are all over the country

negative: Should have vetoed that awful spending bill. Big loss for what your base supports

neutral: "Tommy John most likely he will just create another bill to redo the spending

neutral: "Its not about the wall

negative: Those who kill on the previous massacres around the country are not illegal immigrants

neutral: DA Medina have you ever heard of MS13???

neutral: "Yes I have

negative: So very sad. On a avg. 5 Americans are killed on a daily bases  in one way or another by a illegal. AND YET the Democrats still do not give a damn!

negative: MaLinda Venatta you lying liar.

negative: "MaLinda Venatta Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: "what about all the kids and adults who die by homegrown

neutral: "What about them? It has nothing to do with the fact that we can act in a responsible way

neutral: BUILD THE WALL TO KEEP US SAFE

neutral: An illegal immigrant hit my mother in oncoming traffic on Cinco de mayo... Glad she is still here.no justice for his actions.

negative: "I see illegal immigrants walking working traveling freely in USA

neutral: We have 535 politicians that need be deceased.

negative: You should protect the American public against the American terrorists too.

neutral: We all need to stand up for our self and our President that stands up for the United States people every day and build that wall.

negative: "Are the parents of school shooting victims considered Angel Families too? Or doesn't domestic terrorism count. 17

neutral: Yvail Fox that would be

neutral: "That would be 1

neutral: "Janie Rogers Doss   True. But that would be 17

negative: Democrats caused the govt shutdown....Democrats are InHumane. They hate Americans and WAWAWA CRYBABIES Personal Vendettas agAinst us True Americans Republicans should be our Congress Office since we have a Republican President...

neutral: "In 2018 over 37

negative: 100 victims die from gun violence every day in America. THAT'S an emergency.

negative: We have more HOMEGROWN terrorists...tRump's a bigly fool.

neutral: "A MEXICAN WILL BUILD THE WALL

neutral: How are you sair lm a small man from Zimbabwe.Can l have a hallp from you sair so that l can maker countrei to be l live please sair

negative: What an idiot worry about ur bitch cheating on you lmoaf

neutral: May God be with you and your wife.  I’ll keep your family in my prayers.  God bless

neutral: Why didn't work in third - world countries?

negative: So sad this keeps happening to Angel Moms and Dads!

neutral: if the Senators and the state doesn't want the wall built let's put their houses down there along the border it for the governors in the Senators to live in and then let's see if they want to build the wall

neutral: "How many voters are in the US? Over 250

neutral: "We know walls work

neutral: "Donald J. Trump so my question to you Mr. President is why so much concentration on our southern border . I understand yes drugs do come from there but also what about by planes 

neutral: Who are the legal immigrants who are in jail in the USA???

neutral: Let's not lose anymore of our children due to something we can work on to make safer

neutral: "Don't let this distract you from the fact that Hector is going to be running three Honda Civics with Spoon engines. And on top of that

negative: The Government is more dangerous for the American people than anyone crossing the border unfortunately.

neutral: "Sounds exactly like

negative: "I have been rear ended by an illegal immigrant twice

neutral: "Raise the cost of the ""work in America visa"" . Then you can say Mexico paid for it."

neutral: Boss congratulations for your presedent day I wish all the best for you and your family

neutral: Thank you Mr President/Vice for protecting the AMERICAN Citizen. What can we do end the attacks of those anti trumpers.

neutral: "If u say so. I think they will go under

negative: American soldiers went in Middle East and killed hundreds of thousands of innocents. Build that wall and stay inside yourselves

negative: Trump is a liar because he says the the Mexicans are going too pay for the border wall but he is coming too the democrats for he is a liar impeach him send him back too his reality tv show called apprentice

neutral: Mr.President America proud of you !!

negative: Calls a national emergency. Leaves to go play golf for two days.

neutral: "Don’t you realize

neutral: Thank you POTUS for taking action where other so-called U.S. presidents failed. Q - 17! 23 v 32

negative: "I'm disabled from a stroke from a head on collision with a drunk illegal

neutral: I think we are very naive if we  think this wall will stopp immigrants ! Use this money instead to help people in US that need help !

neutral: "High level DEMOCRATIC

negative: If one death justifies 25b spend.....what do the 39 000 annual gun related deaths justify?

neutral: What u got as a valentine gift Donald? A tiny wall on ur backyard 😂😂😂

negative: It's like a stop sign. How many die b4 installing the damn sign.

neutral: All these mass shootings are being done American people what are you going to do about them?

negative: Florida school gun man is an American

neutral: Yes my man keep up the good work

neutral: Isiaq Olalekan Abdulraheem what good work

neutral: "Don't ask it

neutral: BUILD THE WALL AN SIR please stop telling the left what the right is up too gives them to much ammunition or prep time to make your life an ours miserable.... I SUPPORT YOU AN THE WALL... AS DO VERY MANY AMERICANS... WE STAND BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP....have a wonderful Presidents day tomorrow.... an HOW DARE CNN AN OTHER NEWSPAPER PEOPLE TRY TO MCOK OUR PRESIDENT.....clinton obama supporters...when obama had a 12 different times emergencies for stupid things he just did it an no one even knew.... YOU SIR ARE FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BUILD THE WALL....an you sir are our president for the next 6 years...

negative: "Florence Tedesco Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

neutral: "Wall work that's true

negative: Just do it do it do it.... Nobody loves crimes and criminals

negative: "I am truly sorry for your loss;however

neutral: "Whatever u do in life

negative: "An illegal immigrant killed my boyfriends sister while driving illegally and driving drunk... this is after he was deported 2 times

negative: "“The president was right to declare our border crisis a national emergency. While the vast majority of illegal immigrants are not violent criminals

negative: Sorry for your loss sir.  True Americans are standing with our president to keep America safe.

negative: Americans with guns have killed thousands.   99.9% of deaths in America are from white Americans!

neutral: If you want to keep us safe then have national constitutional carry.

neutral: Thank you president Trump!

neutral: You know what else works? Reading the bill before you sign it. You let the dems win. Now we are really screwed. They outsmarted you.

negative: "Why is Trump sharing an article from one of the ""fake news"" mainstream media?"

neutral: Build the wall President Donald J. Trump. The polls AREN'T correct!! You have a LOT MORE support than they say...they just don't poll everyone!! WE WANT THE WALL!! WE NEED THE WALL!! WE DESERVE THE WALL!!

negative: Walls work so keep that Freeland out! Make them tariffs on Canadian steel non negotiable! Canada must pay a price!

neutral: "Obama started building the wall

negative: What about the Americans killed by Americans?

negative: SATURLITE FRACTURED JAW TITIANIUM? CLOCK IT NANNU HAWKINGS WITCH DEAD

neutral: BRAVO BURT LANCHESTER  BOMBER WHINCHESTER THE DUKE BIG JOHN MCCAIN

neutral: #Trump2020

negative: HISPANIC CHURCH DIVIDED BY THE COMMIES. GET ALL HISPANICS BEHIND THE RIGHT. NEW MEXICO IS LOSING ITS COUNTRY TO ILLEGALS FROM THE MIDDLE EAST.

neutral: "Thank you President Trump for your dedication to secure our border and protect the American people!! We trust you

neutral: Lisa Pursley when did they start the wall...

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL secure our borders President #TRUMP do whatever you have to do to get it done asap.

neutral: Eye for an eye will always be the way that justice should be served.

neutral: Always President Donald Trump and Melania first lady God bless.  The wall will be build.

neutral: "I cant wait until the next president  a Democrat  calls a national  emergency  for the health care crisis in the USA. Finally something  will get done to help the American  people. Thank you President  Trump for setting the precedent.  And

neutral: Ah Men     you are  Right  Mr  President

negative: Build the Wall High And Mighty!  Prevent future Democratic voters!

negative: "Crazy people kill innocent Americans

negative: Yes then vote all Democrats up president Trump needs to throw out swalwell hes  threatening to nuke Americans for not giving up our constitution deal.with this now Americans vote out Democrats

negative: A human killed ur daughter it has absolutely nothing to do with wether he was illegal or not.

negative: If she was killed by a legal person. Then she would have been half dead. Trump's logic.

negative: "Approximately 1.4 million people have died from firearms in the U.S. between 1968 and 2011. This number includes all deaths resulting from a firearm

negative: Comrade stooge motherfucka individual 1 made the greatest declaration of a national emergency in American history the emergency at the southern border is way more serious than the 911 attacks and if anyone says otherwise just ask the angel dads and moms #TFA #GoBackToRussiaTraitor #HateHasNoHomeHere

neutral: "President Trump!  I've heard a statement made by you on a Non-Local Media Website that may or may not be accredited

negative: "What about the senseless killing in Illinois by someone who had a gun and shouldn't have

neutral: God bless America 🇺🇸 🇬🇧

neutral: "If Anyone monitors this feed ....we have a family in LaGrange

negative: Haha sheeeeep. Thousands die everyday.but if you guys want to talk about people being murdered Just look ar all those school shooting by all them cocaians kids. But no one talk about gun reform. Man trump supporter are nothing but suckers and fools.

neutral: I'm am from Puerto Rico  been here in america for almost 20 years is my home my of spring is of this nation this is my home. I love freedom and peace so do the lord my God. Let wat the Lord be and let wat the law of the land be stone this fuckers.

negative: "Far more Americans are killed each year by fellow Americans - especially with guns

negative: Rob Egerton right on that abortions kill thousands a day.

negative: Rob Egerton  So we are just supposed to add to the problem with doing nothing about the southern border?? Your whatisms don't work here!

negative: Worst president

neutral: Shami Khan you mean BEST

negative: "Are you a paid troll Shami

neutral: Shami Khan so triggered you came to his page hahaha. How do you sleep at night being so pathetic?

negative: "I wouldn't call it a crisis

neutral: Will Ihrke other presidents have called for a wall he's the only one with enough guts to do it.

negative: Guns kill more Americans in a month than illegals did in 10 years. Can we address that real national emergency tyrant?

neutral: we do...we enforce those laws everyday

neutral: Ron O'Hearn we enforce immigration laws every day too so what's your point?

neutral: "we do...60

neutral: "Weekly mass shootings in amerikkka as of 2/16/29 are 39 in total

negative: So I’m guessing it’s ok if the murderer was from America? Well that’s who is committing the majority of murders here. Americans.

neutral: "Both party’s want the wall 

neutral: The left relates to a wall like a marriage therapist talks about a psychological defense mechanism a wall is an inanimate object design to protect life and property! What the heck is wrong with the left they do not know the difference between legal and illegal and now they're talking about a physical wall like an emotional problem God help us.

neutral: You should not have signed that bill. I hope you have a plan... because that bill does everything they want. It reduces ICE funding and limits their operations. Why did you sign that????

negative: You  can  blame  governor  Newsome  and  polos  of it

neutral: "And a US citizen shot up Columbine

negative: Jackie Lee Collins American prisons are filled with Americans.  And?  You think because we have criminals here we should invite more criminals to come here?     Were you born this stupid or did you have to work at it?

negative: "By that logic we should ONLY let in violent criminal illegal border jumpers to balance out the scales of justice?! Wow

negative: Jackie Lee Collins More People die from drugs than guns. Stop with the gun comparisons.

neutral: "Mitch Haynie just like if Ted Bundy wasn't here right? Just like if Rudolph wasn't here right? The facts are the criminals are a dime a dozen like always. The majority of us are law abiding

neutral: Learie Jordan lol no one made a gun comparison? 🤦‍♂️ keep em coming. This is like skeet shooting. 🤣👍 yeeyee

negative: "Jackie Lee Collins the majority of the prison population is minority and Hispanic

negative: Jackie Lee Collins so your solution is to let in the problems of other countries instead of trying to fix the ones we already have?

negative: and what about all the mass shootings in America?  American's killing Americans.  How will you get a handle on that?

negative: I just would like to have a hypothesis on what would happen if CNN had a bunch of illegals raped and murdered several of their reporters. Would they still be opposing President Trump and the wall? Could they even bring themselves to admit that President Trump is right?

neutral: It's a STUPID argument...  it doesn't matter if the WALL is the most perfect deterrent - it's worth trying as part of border security.  What's the big deal about the money for the wall? Trump will have saved that much and more with his trade deals.  #buildthewall

neutral: "A guy came from Indiana to Sebring

negative: How about we let the parents decide the punishment I would vote for that along with zero benefits I’ve been self employed all my life been thru some hard times was told sorry but your not entitled to benefits so you stop the damn freebies I’ll bet that would pretty much stop the flow of illegals if me as a citizen of this country can’t receive  any assistance than a non citizen sure as hell shouldn’t

negative: There is no reason to believe a wall would have prevented this. It will not solve all your problems. It will disappoint you and give you a false sense of security.

neutral: God bless our GREAT President and First Lady! Best POTUS and FLOTUS ever!🙏🇺🇸🙏❤🇺🇸🙏❤🇺🇸🙏   #PresidentTrump2020! #MAGA! #WALLSDOWORK!

negative: "Americans are much more at risk of being shot to death at work

neutral: "Between 1892-1954

neutral: THE WALL WILL BE BUILT!

neutral: 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😆😆😆

neutral: Adam Jasso we should be celebrating

negative: "Guess what stupid

neutral: Thank god!! about time!! I would pay for the wall myself if i had the money!!!

negative: "Formerly deported

negative: "5 people were killed in Aurora yesterday

negative: Look at the stats on how many Americans were killed by guns. It's far higher than illegal immigrants but you won't touch gun control because they fund your campaign. It's always about the money with you.

neutral: "A black guy shot up his place of employment yesterday in Aurora

neutral: "Promises made must be kept

negative: All u dumb asses that dont think we need a wall. What if it was your family member

negative: What about those killed by the negligence of the opioid industry!? You accept Sackler donations don't you!?

neutral: Build the American security wall !!  Trump 2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: We need to stop talking about being safe from other humans and bring attention to be safe from the New World Order....There is an peace deal on the table that if America and Israel sign..it will start the Tribulation...Our only real enemy is Satan...

negative: https://www.newyorker.com/news/our-columnists/a-weak-and-rambling-president-declares-a-fake-national-emergency?utm_brand=tny&utm_medium=social&utm_social-type=owned&mbid=social_facebook&utm_source=facebook&fbclid=IwAR0ic4y3KTpPOWjneHIKPen6AVNq1YtuqbPMiHOOsS9wNulueAQ-Y_KqyVQ

neutral: "THANK YOU 4 caring enough to do something 4 the Citizens & Immigrants that came here LEGALLY.   Obama sent Billions 2  "" other "" countries 4 borders

negative: "I don't understand why no one (including President Trump

negative: "Stop with the lies already

neutral: "65 countries

negative: "Wrong

negative: Illegal immigrants coming here to destroy Americans & turn this country into a 3rd world country with the help and support of UN American Democrats !!

negative: "And young white American citizens cause a thousand times more destruction. Besides

neutral: "Attached is a link to official Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) statistics on border apprehensions for our Northern

negative: "The problem is Americans

negative: "We have problems at the border

negative: Another victim on the blood covered alter of liberalism and the democrat party.

neutral: Our  sympathies  Build the wall Build two. Walls 100 yards apart.

neutral: Thank you President Trump for working so hard for American citizens first! The democrats know walls work they just want to resist anything you want. Keep up the great work!

neutral: "How can Anybody put a Price Tag

negative: Sorry for your loss...For evil to exist ... all it takes is for good men to do nothing.

negative: You can not blame EVERY illegal immigrant for your loss...NO WALL

neutral: Sorry about your daughter but I'm agree with you

neutral: My president 🇺🇲🇧🇷😎👉👉

negative: I can not beleve that this new democrat party has as many supporters as they do . I think every single nut case in this country are the only people supporting them . mentally ill voters are more dangerous than mentally ill gun owners

negative: An American citizen killed 59 and wounded 500 at a Jason Aldean concert. Don't use these type of stories for reasons to build a wall. There are plenty of more valid ones. But this is making it look like the United States doesn't have murderers of their own. This causes people to hate people that look like me.

negative: This is the lamest excuse for a wall . Sorry for ur lost but u so wrong - lmao

negative: Yet thousands of times more americans killed by home grown terrorists and donnie does nothing... blame the immigrants but the statistics do not support.

neutral: President Trump is looking out for OUR SECURITY & WALLS DO WORK ! Thank you President Trump 👍🇺🇸❤️

negative: REMEMBER WHEN YOU   VOTE  😠 😬❗ WHO'S  TRULY DESTROYING     AMERICA 🇺🇸  👩 👨     👉  DEMOCRATS 🐀

neutral: "Yes 100% 0lease ask AMERICANS that want the wall to fund it privately

neutral: "To all against the wall attention::The step of rebuilding the nation was building of a great wall

neutral: "Maybe when the car companies were poisoning the ""well

neutral: """Everyone wants to rule the World...but you must earn it""..."

neutral: "YES! Build the wall! The democrats in power could care less about the citizens of our country. For them it is all about money

negative: Come on Republicans... Sure up party lines and defeat any and all attempts to block our declaration.

negative: American citizens have killed 4 of my friends and 2 family members what we doing about that

negative: "Cut the cash flow and they will go! Mandatory e-verify

negative: But you are opposed to gun control.....

neutral: "Dear Mr. Trump

negative: "Stupidest. President. Ever. Mueller is Coming! And almost all of the pro-trump posters here are fake accounts

negative: "An American killed my cousin when he was vacationing with his wife and kids in Fort Lauderdale Florida. He was crossing the street on a green light and this 24-year-old entitled drunk young  American women ran a red light and struck him. When the cops finally caught up with her she told me when I identified her in a line-up: ""this is America and if you don't like it leave"". I totally agree we need the wall to keep entitled Americans in and keep everybody else out. Let's make America safe again so that Americans can kill each other and not the rest of the world."

negative: "Sad and sorry for their lost...pero no te agas pendejo Trump

neutral: It only matters to regressives if it personally affects them. Then they say everyobe else lacks empathy

neutral: If every American donated a dollar for a brick we could raise the money..build our wall....

neutral: What about all the people who come in through our airports on a tourist visa and overstay?

neutral: "Trump you have reason

neutral: Thanks 🙏 We Agree!. So sadly and Sorry for Your Lost!. MAy God Keeps Blessings you and Keeps You Stronger!. Than you can Helping other It yo Los They Love One Next!. Amen 🙏

negative: From one incident from one illegal immigrant...stop the rhetoric. How many mass murders have we had that Donald J. Trump has done nothing but send his thoughts and prayers.

negative: People don’t realize that these people coming here the wrong way could be criminals. Also they try to bring drugs over in turn kill our loved ones.

negative: "Very sad situation

negative: And what about all the Americans that kill each other? How about putting that percentage out there?

neutral: Build that wall!!!!

neutral: Shirley Swallow amen!

negative: But Americans kill Americans all day everyday and no one seems to care about that

neutral: "This year when you get a Tax Bill instead of a Tax Refund just remember

neutral: The Wall Has To Get Done Protect The American People Stand With Our Great President Trump God Bless All 🙏👍🇺🇸

negative: Yes use those poor unfortunate people for your corrupt political purposes. Meanwhile mass shootings go on daily all over the United States perpetrated by Americans.

neutral: GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!!

negative: So terrible!!!

neutral: Build the wall!

negative: and sod any other living creature? Your attitude towards living creature out side of the human species is quite barbaric you are clearly a danger to all and the future of the planet and human survival. Short term does not reslove long term. You are doing more damage than good! https://www.ecowatch.com/arizona-ocelot-border-wall-2628729941.html?xrs=RebelMouse_fb&ts=1549983929&fbclid=IwAR2I9wZNaqSjncJtEzp7SWt2bIqzY05tYiJoEt_zWUKUE5EwJEWDRIejDIg

negative: Who will you idiots blame after he builds his wall and it doesn't work?  Trump is a criminal and a traitor.

negative: "Jack Goldman    You’re an Idiot

neutral: "The question is would a wall or barrier help or not help when it comes to what it's built for?  Which is deterring

neutral: Absolutely👍🏻 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: A well run company or country runs best on rules and laws.   You uphold those rules and laws and the people who enforce them and you have peace and prosperity.

neutral: "We need the wall to be safe from outside

neutral: Build that wall

negative: Sorry for your loss build the wall

neutral: Thank God for Trump !!

negative: So sorry for all the angel families.

neutral: "He not come to politics just to help you

neutral: Wow she was so beautiful this needs to stop!

negative: Enforce mandatory e verify!

neutral: And make Trump properties use it..how many Illegals did Trump have at his facilities?

negative: Some of you people are painfully dumb.. Go live elsewhere if you don't like what Trump is doing

neutral: Sheikh F Shahel hi

neutral: Joseph Bernadzikowski did you like what Obama did... did you live somewhere else

neutral: Sheikh F Shahel Obama declared countless NEs only to help other countries. He is detrimental to the U.S. I was never outlandish or butthurt like you scumbag liberals are towards Trump.. I kept my mouth shut for 8 long years.. Maybe you should try that too

neutral: "HELLO DONALD

negative: An illegal immigrant knocked over a building and killed my brother.  Damn you Superman!!

negative: When are you going to pay the people your stealing land from?

neutral: Wall please!!!!

neutral: Build That Wall !!

neutral: We must have the wall!!!

neutral: WE need the Wall !!!

neutral: We stand with our President!

neutral: "🤡 We’re gonna build a wall!   🤡 And military families in need of housing

negative: When I wanted to escape prison it was a wall that stopped me 😅💯

neutral: Thank you Pres. Trump! God bless you.

negative: "It's a dangerous world we live in...must keep up our guard...just as we have seen lobbyist pay off Congress and Senators...who's to say that ""terrorists-monies"" can't be funneled into this country to pay-off local-government officials and police...all along cloaked as just a mere...""friendly-donation""...to be the fuel that supports covert-domestic ""sleeper-cells""...""scary-situation""...could or maybe taking place quietly right on our very door-steps??? Always expect the worst case scenarios..."

negative: https://www.newyorker.com/news/current/i-didnt-need-to-do-this-donald-trump-declares-a-national-emergency

neutral: Build.the.wall  Make America.safe

negative: "So should we just build a wall around the whole country so no one can get in or out? The south border is not the only border. Also

negative: "No they don’t

negative: And any other party that is trying to undermine our govt by implode our  economy from with in..  if we need another civil war or American Revolutionary War then so be it. We have too many enemy's in Our America that are domestic.

neutral: Complete? Not One (1) effin' FOOT of New Wall has been built by this administration !

neutral: Kevin McGrath   Are you still in Canada or Kansas?  Don’t expect to see any walls there.

neutral: "We have more mass shootings than all other countries combined and you do nothing

neutral: Christopher Goodwin I agree...we need more gun laws

neutral: I don't understand why the Democrats are against a wall - it's not about immigration - it's about letting people come into the country legally.  Chuck and Nancy are running their own agenda and not the agenda of the American People!

neutral: Should built a roof too since most get here by plane...

negative: "In fairness to all the Angel moms & dads whose children were killed by illegals who came into the country illegally

negative: "An American just killed my cousin last week

neutral: Thank you President Donald J. Trump for protecting the USA as your highest priority! We the people appreciate all that you do!

negative: But how do you expect to build something you came unprepared for. Where exactly is the funding for said wall coming from. Because it sure as hell not coming from the Democrats and it sure is hell not coming from Mexico. And it’s sad how you’re making people suffer just because you’re not getting your way. Only if you were real president and thought about the American people and didn’t only think about yourself.

negative: Shame  the Democrats and their flock cant see the idea that the wall is needed

neutral: I am giving a $100 a month until Border Patrol has everything they need!  My heart breaks for Angel Mom and Dads’ and the rest of their family and friends!

neutral: "Agree 100%

neutral: Sylvia Grimes so you turn your back on your family don't tell me you don't have family in Mexico all Hispanic do in family if you look into your family back ground .

negative: when a close family member is killed these politicans will get it maybe

neutral: "🎼Don't back down🎶 🎧Stand your ground🎶 We pay taxes for protection and we demand and deserve it. ✅Thank's a lot Democrats

neutral: "President Trump is making a bill for DUI

negative: Sad thing is the Democrats don't care !  Vile !

neutral: Go for it and don’t listen to the Naysayers like Ann Coulter Etc. she definitely has her priorities mixed up. I don’t know what happened to her.

negative: "How hypocritical of Democrats who want to take guns from people because some are used to commit violent crime

neutral: Look wat el chappo got out of!! Them Mexicans goin straight under your wall lol.

negative: "It's unfortunate that she's dead nit antidotal evidence

neutral: "I totally understand seriously the need to keep a promise 

neutral: Thank you President Trump...

negative: All of the parents that loss kids to gun violence want their kids back too. Gun violence is a far greater danger to our country. Look up the two

neutral: BUILD THE DAM WALL

negative: Protection for American families? Then does this mean you will ban assault weapons?

neutral: Said the NRA. #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER

neutral: Hmmm...not a single mention of his Type 1 Lia-abetes.

neutral: Build the wall now. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸♥️♥️

neutral: Build the Wall Now.

negative: "Your pain doesn’t equate to spending my money. Your feelings have nothing to do with me or my state

neutral: KEEP AMERICA GREAT 2020 Re-elect President Donald J. Trump. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/trump-lies-supporters-fans-believe-fake-news-facts-immigration-border-wall-a8781571.html

neutral: "Trump not keep nobody safe

neutral: Build the wall....!!!!!!!!!!

negative: "A white person killed 57 ppl in Vegas 

neutral: Build the Wall!! #Trump2020

neutral: God bless Donald Trump.

neutral: Thank You Mr President!

neutral: Don't sign the bill.

neutral: We are with you!

negative: The Murdering Illegal needs to lose his life.

negative: Remove democrats for obstructing

neutral: Mike Marsh yay....

neutral: "You will notice on these threads that conservatives engage in logic based

neutral: Dan Griffin   Neither do I!!!  It's facts versus feelings!!!!

negative: "There is no difference between an illegal alien & a Democrat.  Their ""kill record"" is sickening!"

neutral: build the wall trump 2020

negative: My God this makes me sick!

neutral: "If they truly don't work

negative: "That fucking forehead

neutral: Best president ever

neutral: Finish our Wall

neutral: Build the wall.

negative: "Trump neglected to say when he described what a wall could do 

neutral: We have a fence to my backyard and someone went over it

neutral: Trump's the anti Christ just so y'all Kno we living in revelation an the end is near.. I suggest u all get right with ur maker💯 oh yeah an trump 🖕

neutral: Democraps love the flow of drugs coming in this country more than anyone's life.  The President has to take it in his own hands to do something.

neutral: God bless the dad.

negative: My heart hurts for this family

neutral: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.elpasotimes.com/amp/2117269002

neutral: I agree with you president trump.build the wall

neutral: "The wall should have been built years ago. Build the wall. Thank you

neutral: Thank you sir

neutral: Build the wall Mr. President!!!

neutral: Build that wall now

negative: Build that fucking wall!!!!!!!!!

neutral: AM JUST LOOKING FOR SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP

neutral: "To Angel mom's & families

negative: our own Tom Tillis voted for this horrible bill. Only 11 Republicans voted against this bill. What a sorry bunch of politicians. Republicans stabbing our President in the back.

negative: So sorry for ur loss.

neutral: My Heart goes out to the Family.

negative: BUILD THE MOTHER FUCKING WALL

negative: I am sorry for your loss

neutral: Trump 2020  M.A.G.A.

neutral: YES AND WE NEED TO DO IT NOW. CONGRESS NEEDS TO QUIT ACTING LIKE A BUNCH OF JUVENILES.

neutral: "https://www.statista.com/statistics/476456/mass-shootings-in-the-us-by-shooter-s-race/        Overwhelmingly

negative: EL chapo schould pay for the wall..

negative: What about people who was saved by illegal immigrants. If you decided build the wall believing that you will be safe after this. You are wrong. Yes you have to do something with illegal immigrants but not with this way. Way with hating them. Sorry for my English. And I'm not illegal immigrant 😒

neutral: Donald Trump says his life was much better before he became president.  Believe me I truly understand.  My life was also better before he  became president.

neutral: BUILD THE WALL

neutral: My heart goes out to you

negative: "Sincerest prayers sent to the family of this lost woman

neutral: Get er done Mr President!

neutral: ❤️my president!

negative: Such stupidity

neutral: Build the wall! Prayers for all!

negative: Fear mongering

negative: Lol fucking moron

neutral: Build the Wall.

neutral: Tracy Driskell that might get you 30 days!  😂

negative: "Really sorry for this persons loss but far more instances of mass shootings. A legal citizen killed groups of people in Vegas

neutral: And the wall was there?

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!!!!!

negative: "an illegal immigrant killed my brother in law  back in 1968 in his back yard when he had a celebration party for his son's deployement to Vietnam    they hit him in the head with a lead pipe crushing his skul after they were told to leave

neutral: They murdered my beautiful granddaughter s father

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!!!

negative: Drunk driver killed my friend...crush all vehicles except Ambulances and Fire Trucks

neutral: "Five people were gunned down and  murdered by a crazed American  citizen in Aurora

neutral: "We have four National Emergencies. Climate Change

neutral: Mathew Bake des he built one in oval Office with Lego Stones.  But this was it . Later in Prison He finde a Lot of Walls who surruond him. Orange is good Color for workingsuite

negative: "Emil Dörr he's not going to prison

neutral: "How much more is spent on catch and release programs that the dems want to increase more per year than the wall would cost? How much more does it cost for jobs working off the books so taxes don't go where they should go

neutral: Build It!!!!

negative: So sad. Up with the wall

negative: Idiot in chief

neutral: Maga!! Build the wall 🇺🇸

neutral: Outstanding leadership President Trump!

neutral: Build that wall!  Trump 2020!

neutral: "Mr. President Trump 🇺🇸 💯....... Now is the time. Our Great and Loving Country is THE PLACE

negative: To all the people that want illegals in this country sponsor one put your money where your big-ass mouth is

negative: "Michelle Ann Deshaw Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: So sorry for all your losses BUILD THE WALL ALREADY NO ONE ELSE HAS TO SUFFER BECAUSE OF THE DEMOCRATS.GOD BLESS ALL OF THE ANGEL PARENTS AND ANGEL FAMILIES.

neutral: I'm for the wal

neutral: "After the wall

negative: Nancy and Chuck are murders!

neutral: We got your back 100 percent

negative: Do something about voter fraud now

neutral: Trump the best 👌👌👌👌

neutral: We MUST keep our country safe...

neutral: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸. Thank you President Trump

neutral: 30  years   over due

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL...

neutral: "Join the great illuminati order today and make your dreams come true

negative: Sorry for your loss 😞

negative: "Hmmmm...What about the unborn being aborted and torn apart EVERYDAY IN AMERICA! ..... Shouldn't we be saying

negative: What about the mother's that have lost children to gun violence? There are substantially more of them. Yet you do nothing about that. Why?

neutral: "BINARY OPTIONS ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT.. Binary options trade has been developing rapidly over the last few years

neutral: "The wall will have to start deep underground. Apparently

neutral: He is the swamp

neutral: "Hey pussy-grab

neutral: Dude things change get over it

neutral: "Devon Wood - ""Things"" change.. Lies don't"

neutral: Art Gnuvo have you check the new trade agreement with Mexico?  Surely you didn’t think Mexico was going to write a check

neutral: "Dianna Adams Ewen - If you are referring to the ""new trade agreement with Mexico"" that has never been ratified by Congress and therefore has never taken effect

negative: You have to be a special kind of stupid to believe that...

neutral: It's called Checkmate!!!   👍

negative: http://www.fairus.org/issue/illegal-immigration/examples-serious-crimes-illegal-aliens

negative: No.  Fear mongering is wrong. Smart border security like walls and fencing and technology.  The  majority of illegal immigration and drugs come through ports of entry..

negative: Incompetent .....  https://www.vox.com/2019/2/15/18226174/trump-emergency-incompetence-arrogance

neutral: Yes sir ! God bless Donald j Trump family

negative: And how many Legal  (Americans) have killed the daughters of other Americans ??

negative: So by your logic lets import some more to be sure they have equal representation?! You really  are a special kind of stupid!

neutral: Are you talking about abortions ?  That would be millions !

neutral: "Mitch Haynie Take your Meds

negative: "Wasn't it Crazy Queen Polosi who said ""there will be collateral damage

neutral: Please build the wall ASAP! https://www.facebook.com/72447968144/posts/10156780417403145/

neutral: Voter ID before 2020!

neutral: #LovePOTUSTrump #Trump2020 #SiliconValley4Trump2020

neutral: "We are withYou

neutral: http://www.weathermodification.com/ Protect us from the tyrants controlling the weather.

neutral: ASAP 🐻💪⚖️⚖️⚖️✝️🙏and on🎯💥

neutral: TEACHING  THE  RIGHT  WAY !..    https://www.facebook.com/prageru/videos/1878883872216452/

neutral: Build that wall!!!

neutral: at least trump delivers

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/PoliticalCorrectnessGoneWild/photos/a.506655886092108/2136549723102708/?type=3&theater&ifg=1

neutral: "Thank You

negative: "Every sanctuary city should be held accountable for these crimes. If it comes to light that an illegal was released instead of reported

neutral: #FinishTheWall #NoAmnesty #NoDACA #AmericaFirst #Trump2020

neutral: Great President 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Wake up Democrats

neutral: Yes keep going 💕

negative: BUILD THE DAMNED WALL.

neutral: Wish we had a government in the UK like yours.

neutral: "Alan Davies   Yes

neutral: Carol Starr my government turned their backs a long time ago I think.

neutral: Yes sir build the wall

neutral: Yes we sure do

neutral: Build that Wall 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: So sorry for your loss.  It should never have happened!

negative: the real American emergency! https://www.cnn.com/2019/02/16/us/illinois-aurora-shooting/index.html

neutral: Let's get it built <3

neutral: Thank you President Trump!💜

neutral: Hopefully VietNam too

neutral: God bless Trump!

neutral: Faye Cbsbl Tucker amen!

neutral: BUILD IT HIGH!!

neutral: Build the Wall

neutral: GET OUR WALL BUILT WE NEED IT

negative: If Nancy an Chuck lived in a unprotected USA no security they would vote for the wall

neutral: If he was here not legally why was he even out On a bond ! And not on hold For departure to his country like Down here we do!!

neutral: “Pretty please?  Japan?  Please??!!”  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/trump-wants-nobel-prize-795962/amp/  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

neutral: Keep going President Trump 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: no they don't...

neutral: Vets before wall.

neutral: John Fahrer vets will get help from the billions we spend every year on handouts to illegals.

negative: Tudy Anderson Latulip a wall will not stop the illegal handouts and instantly relocate that money to vets. A wall will take decades to build and vets should not have to wait.

negative: Illegal immigration is at a 10 year low and there is no extra money going towards vets.

neutral: "Mr President sir

neutral: "Build it

neutral: Yes we need it

neutral: THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT!!

neutral: Stay the Course Sir... MAGA!

neutral: This is plain not true. Trump does not care about all of us at all. Wake up voters and see it is you he has harmed the most.

neutral: WE BELIEVE IT.  WORKS FOR ISRAEL.

neutral: Yes! Build the wall!

neutral: #FINISHtheWALL  #TRUMP2020 #AMERICA1st

neutral: How can you FINISH what was never STARTED. And you know it isn't because dude would have hella pics to share with y'all. Just asking. Where's the proof? An Coulter said it best. Check her out!

negative: "Kim Thompson I do not listen to anyone but MY President Donald J. Trump I do not listen to LIARS or democrats.  Call it what you want>WALL

neutral: Lord have mercy Irene Roberts! Yoi better open your mind. My question was not what is it. He has lied to you and told you that he has started. Nope. Where did the money come from ? Where is it? When did he start? He Is Lying To You. Point blank period. Of it is the truth you should be able to answer the what when and where. Believe in the truth. Sorry that is all I'm telling you. I don't care if you believe me.

negative: "The fucking wall should have been done by now

negative: "Very sorry and ashamed that this happened. This shouid never happen to an American Citizen. Our Congress especially the Democrats are betraying Americans. Muslims should not be in America or holding any kind of Offices either . Many Red flags from Congress going off that American Citizens must be aware of and have strong awareness that betrayal is happening Big time. We need to fully support President Trump

negative: "Chuck Martin  Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

neutral: "Jo Sechi 

neutral: I will Help with the Wall tell me where and when

neutral: Daryl SR Johnson  make that two of us and I can put a crew together when your ready

negative: Trump lies for example in the sotu he said one out of three women in the caravans are molested.    The mainstream media looked into it and found trump lied.     Only 31 percent of women in the caravans were found to be molested!  Impeach trump and lock him up!

neutral: Hahaha MSM hahaha

neutral: Peter Richards look at boarder patrol statistics. I believe the people on the front lines. They support our President.

neutral: "Peter Richards 3/4 of a woman isn't 1 ? Do the math...here I'll help 

negative: Peter Richards omg....please tell me you were being sarcastic....33% is 1/3. 31% is pretty freaking close...no one could be that stupid...right??

neutral: Nice and easy to understand thanks!

negative: "Who you calling stupid I flunked math but my intelligence is above average!   99 percent of people surveyed say they are above average.     And the other half is even higher

negative: Wall ain't going stop them from coming over hell what are you going to do with the ones that are already over here? nothing exactly

negative: So sorry for your loss...RIP...

neutral: We support our president!!!!

neutral: "Dear President Trump

neutral: prayers for your family

negative: It is so sad Democrats have become the Anti-American party.  They have abandoned the American people.

negative: I am so sorry for your loss!

negative: Who killed 5 Americans yesterday!?

neutral: "Rochelle Askinazi I don’t know

neutral: Yes sir for sure

negative: Release the babies stop family separation

neutral: Yes.  Build the WALL!

neutral: Build the wall please

neutral: thank you sir for all you endure for us...

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2357228927845882&set=a.1834543650114415&type=3&eid=ARAtfb1BnQ_MZVdjIh9kj3ORtxVQFKmMxhbWG4FNFxOV-wqBRkNyj3TGuvN_Orp0lXm7-oB_BBYXPJvy

neutral: Yes for wall now

negative: A white Christian killed my neighbors daughter. We should just ban all white Christians while we're at it.

neutral: Lauren Lynby De Morey  Just shut up!

neutral: Build the wall ❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸❤️

negative: "U don’t give a crap

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!!!!

neutral: WWG1WGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸 #KEEPAMERICAGREAT WELOVE YOU ❤️

neutral: Build the wall...

negative: Right cause illegal immigrants are the only ones who kill people drinking and driving.

neutral: Useless Democrats don't care.

neutral: Until we support Americans I'm not worried about immigrants having more resources than me. The wall will save us $100 billion plus a year supporting immigrants on welfare. I'm good ⚒⚒⚒ #WallsFixEverything

neutral: Stephanie Rosenow it's over 29 billion

negative: Albert Lucas sorry I meant billion it auto corrected.

neutral: "This guys opinion doesn’t matter 

negative: Sir my condolences but your daughter was killed by a drunk driver. Are you part of Mother Against Drunken Drivers. In that area many have been hit or killed by drunken drivers- what is being done?  Don’t Drink and Drive

neutral: Walls work. Pink Floyd!

negative: Amen sorry for your lost 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼💯

neutral: God blesses you Mr. President 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻

neutral: WE LOVE YOU POTUS  !!!!! MAGA !!!!!!!!!!

neutral: BUILD THAT DAM WALL FAST.

negative: Stupid propaganda!

neutral: Build the Wall!

negative: "No border...no country ! Walls work! So

neutral: Yet you do nothing to stop people like the Aurora shooter.

neutral: #GREAT PRESIDENT45.

neutral: Thanks Mr President

neutral: God Bless you Mr. President!!! Trump2020!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Then why did you sign the funding bill that actively goes against your own goals?

neutral: Trevor Valescu Bc be likes to see autists flip their lid the moment he does something they don’t like.

negative: I know 500 people who were shot almost killed in Vegas.... Anything being done about that?  Your promise that Mexico will pay for it died yesterday 😂😂🤣🤣🇲🇽🇲🇽

negative: "Are you a paid troll Carlos

neutral: They’ll have to pay for stuff they use to get for free

neutral: Michael Melbert he’ from California.

neutral: Thank you sir!

neutral: If it saves one life!

negative: How heartbreaking.

neutral: Yes Dorothy!! Build that wall! TRUMP 2020!!!

neutral: Build The Wall!

neutral: Trump is genius

negative: DEMOCRATS / TREASON

negative: Let's not hate people who don't look like us!

neutral: Build that Wall Mr President

neutral: Build the Wall!!!

neutral: Trumps days are numbered. 😂😂😂

neutral: Please stop using these people.

neutral: Build the wall Mr President

neutral: The best president ever #gotrump🙏

negative: "Many illegal immigrants are law abiding people who provide for their families.  Then

neutral: Thank you Mr President.

neutral: Me too I need my wall

neutral: Build the wall. MAGA

neutral: Thank You Mr. President 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Get it done!

negative: THE SKY HAS WALLS AND RIGID IMMIGRATION RULES! WHO HAVE OPEN DOOR POLICIES IS HELL ... I'M WITH THAMP AND I DO NOT GET FOOT !!! ...🇧🇷🇺🇸🇮🇱

neutral: "Stay the course

neutral: Thank You Mr. President. The only one who truly cares about us.

neutral: God bless you Mr. President!

neutral: MISTER PRESIDENT

neutral: Finish that wall

neutral: People lives with no border is safe for new world

neutral: Thank you Trump!!!! MAGA!!!🇺🇸

neutral: TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP 2020

negative: Not illegal immigrant. ILLEGAL ALIEN

negative: stop using people

negative: That is a cruel response to a griveing father !!

neutral: In South Africa we can just hope and pray for a President like Trump...sad but a fact

negative: Sorry for your loss. #maga

neutral: We are here supporting you !

negative: "I love this cause its neglecting the fact that American people kill each other too. he's trying to control the population by using immigrants as a sort of scapegoats

neutral: She is so beautiful! Why why why ?

negative: Geoffrey Hostens so you wouldn't feel the same if she was ugly? Shame on you!

neutral: What about melina trump she is also immigrant

neutral: Abdul Majid Legal! There is a difference

neutral: Naomi Samuelson why??

neutral: Abdul Majid legal. You do know the difference hopefully

neutral: Abdul Majid she is a legal immigrant

neutral: Spencer Hilbrink  ooh😳😳

neutral: Abdul Majid she's legal...

neutral: Abdul Majid Try to be informed rather than just opinionated. Smh

neutral: "Abdul Majid    She’s Legal

negative: Carol Starr i don’t like your fucking country

neutral: "Why don't democrats what the wall? We all know walls work

negative: "Bob Cunha name a wall that has worked?  Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: Fake president

neutral: Wall all the way

neutral: Build The American Wall  !!!!

neutral: My sympathies.

neutral: "The wall must stand firm

neutral: He's under 17 criminal investigations.  Nothing great about him.

negative: "Hailey King was my 18 year old cousin. She was left in the street to die by an illegal who hit her and her friend on a Scooter. He was doing over 70 MPH in a 35 zone. After he hit them from behind

negative: "It’s a pity

neutral: You take such hate for USa 🇺🇸.  I Love You & Pray for you & yours.  You know GODS got y’all ❤️❤️❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: "SO SORRY FOR YOUR LOST AND YES! FOR HER

neutral: MAY GOD COMFORT HIS FAMILY.

neutral: Donald Trump is 100% right

neutral: Build That Wall

negative: I'm sorry for yr loss

neutral: If it happens to them they would change their tune. The rich and powerful who are against the wall for safety have all the protection their money can buy. Unfortunately the average person doesn’t

neutral: Not slow--nonexistent matt f.

negative: So sorry for your loss!

negative: Sorry for the losses but the wall will help in many ways

neutral: I support the wall. Build it. Trump 2020 💯%

neutral: Trump #2020🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: So sad!😢 What a beautiful young lady!

neutral: Of  Course  we  do  !!!

neutral: God bless them.

negative: So sorry for your loss Sir!

neutral: Oh yes ... God Bless

negative: "Maybe they should have built a wall around the Henry Pratt Co. in Aurora!  Of course that was an American male with a previous aggregative assault conviction who had a gun and killed 5 and wounded at least 5 others!! But don’t worry about gun control

neutral: www.gofundme.com/thetrumpwall  Brian Kolfage

neutral: Prayers for you and your families. ✝️🙏🏻🕊

negative: So sorry for your loss.

neutral: If you don't like that wall just move to another country before it gets built....

negative: Build the Damn Wall

negative: But the fascist democrats need their human livestock from Central America

neutral: Listen to him

neutral: "All the mass shooters I know they were legal white people

neutral: And most were registered Democrats let that sink in.

negative: Alejandro Sanchez and the mass shooters happened in liberal democrats state's with gun control and high crime rates

neutral: Alejandro Sanchez DRUGS! Not just the people.

neutral: #Impeach #TrumpForPrison #AbuseOfPower

negative: A American kill my  Mother

negative: "I am sorry for your loss

neutral: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-call-president-issue-executive-order-enable-national-concealed-carry-reciprocity

neutral: Build the wall immediately

neutral: Finish the wall

neutral: Yes sir!!! Build the wall now!!!

neutral: We Love u President Trump 2020 ❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤

neutral: That is PELOSI NOT PELISI

negative: So sorry for ur loss

neutral: yes we want the wall

neutral: Yes no more killings

negative: I'm do sorry for your loss

negative: So with the protections you signed after the emergency declaration do negate the wall?  Not seeing it

neutral: and Militarize it!

negative: http://www.nbcnews.com/id/44206940/ns/us_news-life/t/man-who-saved-girl-says-hes-illegal-immigrant/

negative: PROPAGANDA!!!!!

neutral: Protect Americans

neutral: The house will fall

neutral: at least the dem side...repub sides on solid ground

neutral: Ron O'Hearn exactly

neutral: The Best President in a long time .

neutral: President Trump 👑

negative: So sad we deserve to be kept safe

neutral: "Lies

neutral: What’s wrong with his head lol 😂

neutral: Build Wall!!!!!!

neutral: BUILD THE WALL. BUILD THE WALL.

neutral: God bless you.

neutral: Behind you 100%!!!

negative: Sorry for your loss.

neutral: God Bless You Sir!!

neutral: Nazi. This is NAZI RHETORIC. Nazi. Nazi. Nazi. Nazi.

neutral: We want the wall.

neutral: Ok . ask pelosi and the lottery man what they think coz they don’t care! They care more about looking after the illegals

neutral: In Trump I trust 😃😎😎🌵🌵🌵🌵

negative: So sorry for your loss and everyones loss because of the invasion of illegals.  Every country on the face of the Earth requires foreigners to visit them legally.  It is insane liberal bullshit that has prevented us from securing the border. Trump has done what no president has done before.  He has taken his job seriously.....

negative: 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🙏🇱🇷so sorry for your loss!💔😢😥

neutral: <3 God bless Angel Moms (& Dads)! <3

neutral: "The Department of Defense pegs U.S. casualties in Iraq at 4

neutral: Absoutely correct.

neutral: That's Right!

neutral: #FINISHTHATWALL #TRUMP2020

negative: It was an accident.

neutral: The democrats don’t care

neutral: BUILD the WALL 👍🇺🇸🚂🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Amen 🙏 Build the wall

neutral: God’s children

neutral: We need sea walls.

negative: "Holy racists

neutral: Build the wall ! Trump 2020❤️🇺🇸

negative: Remember if you still vote democrat it only gets worse from here ... just walk away like I did

negative: So sorry for your loss 😪😪😪

neutral: Now Is too late.  ///:

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL !!!!

neutral: A wall won’t help.

negative: Jeanne Rogers the hell it wont

neutral: AMEN AND HALLELUJAH

neutral: Finish the wall Mr President

negative: QUIT THE FEAR MONGERING..!!!!

neutral: COMPLETE A COMPLETE boarder wall !!

neutral: it happen everywhere in the world.

neutral: "so agree

neutral: PLEASE BUILD THE WALL.

neutral: So do gated communities

neutral: Build The Wall. ❤🇺🇸💙

neutral: Build the Wall....

neutral: GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP.

neutral: Finish the wall...Trump 2020!

negative: Sorry for your loss....I support the wall...

neutral: Sum of the PRAISING COMMENTS ARE SO HILARIOUS  !!!!!!!!!!!!

neutral: They will help a lot

neutral: We must build the wall not only for today’s citizens but for future generations..Thank you President Trump for striving to get the USA back to a nation of integrity...Thank you and God bless

neutral: The flipping wall will do nothing.

negative: Now the Dem’s r in-sighting Protest against the president’s national emergency which will turn into riots which will turn into blaming it on the Republican president for inciting bad behavior even though the Democrats are the ones that calling for the protest

neutral: Build that wall America first

neutral: WHAT ABOUT THE ONE THAT ARE HERE ?

neutral: We must have a Wall now

neutral: Thank you Sir

neutral: Build the wall build the Wall

neutral: God bless Mr.President Trump.

neutral: build the darn wall...

neutral: Ladders work too.

neutral: Too bad Jim Acosta (CNN) does not agree with border security.  He needs to go back to Cuba and enjoy Socialism/Communism.

negative: Worse President ever!!!!!!!

neutral: "BUILD THAT WALL

neutral: God bless sir!

neutral: Build it!!!!

neutral: get er done taller

neutral: Hey Junior - what next? Burning books?  https://youtu.be/mpPaAUFNdNkDonald Trump Jr. Calls Teachers LOSERS At Rally With His Dadyoutube.com

neutral: "Tony Sherrard

neutral: Bob Segal Democrats read books - you should try it sometime.

neutral: Thank you president Trump

neutral: 🇺🇸BUILD🇺🇸THE🇺🇸WALL🇺🇸

neutral: Never happened. More trump lies.

neutral: build the wall

negative: Horrible !!!!!!

negative: So sorry for your loss

neutral: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2019/02/16/us/illinois-aurora-shooting/index.html

neutral: A very high wall!

neutral: Build the wall. Put safety first.

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!

negative: So sad for you

neutral: It’s several times a dsy

negative: "FAKE CRISIS

neutral: Amen.  Finish the border.

neutral: Amen God bless are President

negative: 😢 so senseless and sad

neutral: BUILD THE WALL #TRUMP2020MAGA

negative: I am so sorry killing your Daughter!

neutral: Keep up the great work DT.

neutral: Build that wall ASAP

neutral: Keep on Trumpin

neutral: Build the wall!!!

neutral: Distractions  🤦🏻‍♀️ #LockHimUp

neutral: God Bless President Trump

negative: Thx Mr Trump...keep fighting

neutral: God bless the POTUS more 💝

neutral: Alepo Serrot God doesn't bless idiots

neutral: PLEASE...PLEASE...PLEASE....BUILD THE WALL

neutral: 1 anerican is to many

neutral: God bless you!!

neutral: I with President  Trump  100%

neutral: Prayers for England

neutral: Yes    BUILD THE WALL

neutral: LET ‘S BUILT❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️

neutral: Get the wall built

neutral: Build that wall Mr. President

neutral: BUILD THE WALL.

negative: https://www.newsweek.com/ann-coulter-donald-trump-scam-stupidest-base-national-emergency-1333033

neutral: President trump 2020 !!!!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: God bless you President Trump

neutral: Wake Up America.

neutral: Amnesty for all!

negative: I am sorry for ur loss sir

neutral: Still think he's making this up?

neutral: IN JESUS CHRIST NAME AMEN

neutral: Love my President Trump! ❤️🇺🇸🙏

neutral: Trump 2020. He cares about America

neutral: I am all for it 101%

neutral: Yes build the wall.

neutral: """WE STAND WITH YOU MR. PRESIDENT"""

neutral: Yes we need the Wall

neutral: 🙏 for ur family

neutral: 41 year low.....

neutral: https://www.kvia.com/news/border/far-from-migrant-caravans-border-crossings-surge-in-texas/911604294

neutral: Mitch Haynie ....its called the military for these types of issues not a wall buddy....

neutral: Build the wall POTUS

negative: #maga many are getting arrested

neutral: Forehead thinking

neutral: "Working for America

neutral: Pax Americana

neutral: PUT UP THE WALL!!!!!!!!!

negative: https://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/immigration-border-crisis/obama-border-crisis-isnt-theater-n152301

neutral: YES BUILDBTHE WALL

negative: An illegal killed my cousin husband .

negative: Im sorry for your loss

negative: Gary Busenbark You do it Troll. Spend Money for the Wall you have got  1000$ of Taxreturn give it to Idiot45.

negative: So sorry for your terrible loss..

neutral: Build the wall🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Lord Jesus is coming back soon📬

negative: Term limits on welfare recipients

neutral: God providence with brother Flag♡♡♡♡♡

neutral: "Key word

neutral: Build that wall🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷

neutral: https://www.amazon.com/Trump-Kings-Darren-W-Freeman/dp/1733572708/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=darren+freeman&qid=1550345578&s=gateway&sr=8-1

neutral: Yes walls work.

neutral: God bless you

neutral: Don’t wait until it’s your loved one!

negative: "Did this illegal immigrant even cross the border by ground or did they over stay their Visa or arrive by air or boat? A wall can only possibly stop one way of arrival

neutral: BUILD THE WALL> 100%

neutral: Yes build the wall

negative: Propaganda …..

neutral: The complicit media wants to cover this up 🤬

negative: Yes we need the wall bad.

neutral: "God bless 🙏 President Trump

negative: NO ONE but Pelosi can deny this!!!!!

neutral: I support the wall 100%

neutral: Absolutely agree

neutral: "How many times have Progressives justified regulations on business and ignored the cost ...even if it only saved one life... Now the deny the most important function of the Federal Government

neutral: God bless President Donald Trump😘🌹

neutral: Propaganda at its finest

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL #NICEANDTALL #THANKYOUMRPRESIDENT

neutral: PRESIDENT TRUMP 2020

neutral: #buildthewall #deportthemAll. #trump2020

negative: So much hate. So little time.

neutral: We need the wall!

neutral: Build the wall!!

neutral: We need the wall.

neutral: God Bless you and your family.

neutral: Keep them coming!

negative: I'm with Trump 💯 no don't about it.

neutral: Build the wall!!!!!!!

neutral: #MAGA!  #BUILDTHEWALLCRIMEWILLFALL!

neutral: "Preach All You Want Buddie 

neutral: What about the underground tunnels?

neutral: Thank you!!

negative: Oh that really sad

negative: Stupid orange fk.

neutral: Duh. Tell us something we don't know.

negative: I am so very sorry for your loss!

neutral: Thank you Mr. President

neutral: We really need the wall .

neutral: You my not care about this until it hits home.

neutral: I stand with our President Trump.

neutral: Great leadership

neutral: Love you Mr. President.

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL!!!!!!

negative: You're lying stop it.

negative: Hey look a fake account!

neutral: Build the wall! Trump 2020!!!

neutral: Keep up the good work

neutral: Complete the Wall!!!

negative: I’m so sorry for your loss😢🙏🙏

neutral: Blessings to you Mr president

neutral: I love it Donald turmp 🇪🇹👈👈

neutral: And i agree with you

neutral: BUILD THE WALL !

negative: Gee..dont you people stay up with news? We have had more shootings in America by white Supremists than by Hispanic immigrants..do some research..you will find that a wall is not going to solve your problems....how about gun control...? Ever think about that?

neutral: "keep up with the times 

neutral: Excellent Mr President

negative: It's a tragedy.

negative: No they don’t work

neutral: Nice generalization

neutral: Thank you Trump!

negative: "Trump’s a disgrace. He needs to be impeached

neutral: Build the wall now🎸

neutral: Durrrrr duh durrrrrr (drool) Trump!!

neutral: wipe your chin...i don't think hes that into you

neutral: "What??? C’mon

neutral: Sean Walsh your comment doesn't deserve it

neutral: "Ron O'Hearn you’re back

neutral: The wall will be built.

negative: "I don't think so.have had a child killed

neutral: "Let me guess

neutral: When it's your time it's your time.

neutral: Please build the wall. We are with you Mr. President Donald J. Trump

neutral: India full support

negative: Keep kicking ass Mr. president!👊🏻

neutral: Make this go viral: https://www.facebook.com/dave.reiser.9/videos/10213329614251019/?t=19

negative: So sorry for your loss. Praying.

negative: So sorry for your loss.   WALL

negative: I am so sorry for all of you.

neutral: We  need the wall

neutral: I stand with you

neutral: It’s about time

negative: I’m so very sorry.

negative: So sorry for your loss. Build the Wall!

negative: BUILD THAT WALL MR. PRESIDENT AND WHEN YOU GET IT DONE YOU CAN THROW GRUESOME NEWSOME OVER ON THE OTHER SIDE OF IT AND LET HIM LIVE WITH HIS ILLEGAL FRIENDS AND BE THEIR GOVERNOR ON THE OTHER SIDE OF CALIFORNIA AND STAY OUT OF OUR STATE.

negative: I hate your a$$!

negative: Orange man bad!!!

negative: Build the damn wall now!

neutral: Grab it by the pussy

neutral: Build the wall ! Enforce the laws.

neutral: Terrorising China won't

neutral: 100%im suportPRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP the build the wall make America safe and Great again

neutral: Yes he is My President....and I love him

neutral: We need a good purge.

negative: Fake President.

neutral: GREAT President Donald J. Trump

neutral: "When our country is attacked by China or Russia because his puerile tactics make our once strong country look like a laughing stock to all the world

neutral: Please finish the wall.....  :(

neutral: Let's get this done! Once and for all..

neutral: https://www.dps.texas.gov/administration/crime_records/pages...dps.texas.gov

negative: NO WALL 4 U 666 !!

neutral: BUILD THE WALL NOW!

neutral: You got this Mr President

negative: So sorry about your girl

neutral: Yes we must!build the wall!!

neutral: Build the wall...NOW! Please!

neutral: So many sheep’s in this post

neutral: We need the wall!!!

negative: Ask prisoners if walls work.

neutral: Walls work...get over Hillary!

negative: "I wonder about the mental faculties of people who buy into Donald’s propaganda messaging of hate and intolerance. The same people who feel the need to place blame in the case of unfortunate accidents. Small minded individuals who can’t reason past the end of their noses. The same breed of people as the petty

neutral: Agree walls work

neutral: Where’s them walls??

neutral: We need the wall Build ir

neutral: Build the Wall!!

negative: So sad   finish the wall❣❣❣

neutral: We need that wall Mr. President'

neutral: BEST President ever MAGA

neutral: lol dat whole family is half forehead

neutral: praying for you angel Dad...

negative: "An illegal alien (Honduran) kicked-in the door to my house and tried to murder my then-16 yr old son.  https://youtu.be/6h2qwAAge4c  A few years prior to that

neutral: Build the fricken wall

negative: https://ktla.com/2019/02/16/5-dead-5-wounded-in-cancun-after-gunmen-burst-into-bar-and-open-fire/

neutral: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Las_Vegas_shooting

neutral: You have my condolences sir

neutral: The best president ever! 💪🏻

neutral: don't sign that bill

negative: Totally empty words

neutral: https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKCN1BG2V1

neutral: Happened to my family too

neutral: Thank you President Trump!

neutral: Build that WALL!

negative: Sad losing child

negative: Shut your whore mouth.

negative: So horrible!!  100%!!  Build the wall!

neutral: CORRECT  BUILD THE WALL NOW

neutral: Wall wall wall .yes..

negative: Heartbreaking!

neutral: Build the Wall !!

negative: Thank-you our hearts break for your loss

negative: So sorry.Solution : wall+deportation

neutral: Wall won’t stop it from happening.

neutral: Wow ppl are stupid lol

neutral: need a wall.

negative: Trump has never been wrong.

neutral: Build The Wall !

neutral: Build That Wall!!

neutral: God bless you!🙏🏻👍

neutral: Isaiah 54:17🇺🇸💗🙏

negative: Build the Barrier

negative: Amen thanks Trump for protecting us getting bad drugs out

negative: So sorry for your lose

neutral: Keep the wall building

neutral: Would love to hear those words from our leaders 😢😢😢

neutral: Building the wall!💟

neutral: You the man President Trump

neutral: I want to donate... Is the link legit?

neutral: Yes Build the Wall !!

negative: Liberals are crazy nutty dumbass people

neutral: We need walls as well

neutral: God bless you !

neutral: How does playing golf and watching Fox “make us safe”?!!

neutral: """ BUILD THE WALL NOW """

neutral: Build The Wall...

neutral: Hello Mr Wall Trump🙌

neutral: russian trolls

neutral: Love this President!!!

neutral: Build the wall!!!!

neutral: I agree  ! Go Donald J. Trump

neutral: I don’t care Do you?

neutral: Complete the wall

neutral: Absolutely the best President!

neutral: Stop their money & benefits too

negative: Shut up you’re annoying !!!

negative: No socialist POLICE!

neutral: And what did the family do.

neutral: 0 build the wall that's all there is to it

neutral: Amen Build that wall

neutral: Build the wall !

neutral: BUILD THE WALL AND BUILD IT TALL

neutral: Thanks President Trump❤️

neutral: Don't cherry pick

neutral: Amen!  Build that wall!

neutral: Yes build it now

neutral: So thankful for you

neutral: Yes the sooner the better.

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!!!!!!

negative: Heartbreaking. #SecureOurBorders🇺🇸

negative: "https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/18/us/gun-deaths.htmlNearly 40

negative: Carol Flores and over 2/3rds of those are related to mental health. The statistics account for self harm and suicides as well. The vast majority of the rest are gang or street violence by people who are illegally in possession of the arms.   Depression kills more than violence and alcohol or tabacco kills more than both.  Opioids too...

negative: Joey Biener fake news.

negative: A real national emergency he should address.

negative: "Sure it is. Look at the correlation of violent crimes and stricter gun laws in the US.  Then look at how many people overdose. After that

neutral: "It's funny how Florida's response to a mass shooting was more guns.. why

neutral: Never Never a Wall

negative: Fear mongering douchebag

neutral: We must have the WALL

neutral: immigration overhaul

neutral: TRUMP 2020❤️🇺🇸❤️

neutral: Just do it!

neutral: "I believe in you

neutral: Race baiter pos President.

neutral: You ppl are idiots

neutral: Build  the  wall .

neutral: "Build the wall

negative: "The ""stable genius"" is so dumb

neutral: It was love at first sight

neutral: Mr. Trump is right.

negative: Am so sorry for your loss.......

neutral: All for the wall!!!!!!!

neutral: Agree 100%. Build the wall.

negative: so sorry for your lost

neutral: Agree build that wall!

neutral: Don’t sign the bill!!!!

negative: The hurt will never go away....

negative: "If a US military veteran with PTSD killed this man's daughter

neutral: "Yes build the wall

neutral: "We have needed Walls for over 30 years

neutral: Go build the wall now

neutral: Please Help Rohingya.

neutral: Obviously truth

neutral: This pisses me off

negative: No question!  Let's get it done!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏🏻🙏🏻

negative: Deception and more lies

neutral: FINISH THE WALL

negative: https://www.axios.com/us-budget-deficit-spikes-fiscal-year-1e946342-c3bd-4ae0-892b-fb9747580277.html?fbclid=IwAR0_r933rSW2fq1va1fy9GkcaST_ieZjhw7kfjZrVtkmNLZPT8B1rNpqXOw

neutral: "So very

neutral: MAGA! Mr Trump 2020

negative: Without a doubt.....

neutral: Trump On!! WALL!!!

negative: I’m so sorry for your loss!

neutral: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?????

neutral: Hi from Sweden

negative: "this is nazi propaganda that Josef Goebbels himself could have not better crafted - disgusting and dangerous

neutral: https://click.email.time.com/?qs=38266ca89d4e1d7be50718ff5261599b491d3ad9c09ed6fcac7e0d571805201b06c75c7010af06e19b8a2beecfdb5b4f222a595ac9f549f8a9d072b55d1a4b0e

neutral: donald u the man 👍👍👍

neutral: You have some nerve

neutral: Walls do work

negative: build the damn wall !!!!

neutral: Guns knife's and baseball bats work to

negative: Sorry for ur lost sir!!

neutral: “BuIlD tHe WaLl”

neutral: Finish that wall!!!

neutral: What about the many who saved

neutral: Build the wall..mot a judicial matter..cannot interfere with the national security

neutral: BUILD THE WALL TRUMP 2020

neutral: Democrats only care about illegals.

neutral: Fantastic President trump you are doing a great job for all American families. Keep up with good job.

neutral: Thank you Mr President sir

negative: how many americans kill eachother every day

neutral: God Bless 💗 from Tn

neutral: #MAGA #BuildTheWall 🙏🏼🇺🇸

neutral: sorry about your daughter and i agree the wall must be built

negative: People die everyday

negative: ....and a white person killed how many innocent people in Las Vegas...how many innocent kids got killed by a white kid while at school..how many innocent people got killed while watching a movie at a movie theater by a white person..how many people got killed while attending church services by a white person..just asking for an illegal immigrant who only comes to do a job a white person doesnt want to do..

neutral: Trumper..go get a colonoscopy and flush out the orange kool aid...

neutral: Hey..didnt u come out in a james bond movie..?? Gold tooth...hmm

negative: Trumpsters cant handle truth can you..who's the looser dumb ass..

neutral: Yeah that wall would of stopped him wouldnt it..

neutral: The 80s called and they want your hairdo back..

neutral: Easy answer..trumpers..

negative: I would call you Helen Degenerous..but that would be an insult to her..

neutral: They can't spell..just like 45..smh..

negative: Joe Jimenez And a black guy killed how many yester at his job? Just trying to point out what a total idiot you truly are in life! You don't have any friends at all huh?I wonder why? Freaking loser!

neutral: he shouldn't have signed that deal

neutral: I miss my aunty  Too have a good day love you lori

neutral: Build the WALL

negative: So no gun control ?

negative: Protect Americans by doing something about gun violence

neutral: RIGHT MR PRESIDENT

neutral: Get the walls built!

neutral: I support the wall👍

neutral: "This is all a joke

negative: "Acataphasia Grey 

negative: So sorry for your loss 🙏🏼🙏🏼

neutral: Good morning sir

neutral: Build that wall.

negative: I'm so sorry for your loss!

neutral: Trump supporter's=666

neutral: BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!!

negative: I'm so sorry for your loss.

negative: Plus....prevent pandemic

neutral: "Walls can't stop a determined immigrant

neutral: Oliver Oriel it certainly will be a lot harder for them. I say we stop making it so easy. Build the wall.

neutral: Build the wall now!

neutral: MISTER PRESIDENT! OVER HERE!

neutral: Love the Trump

neutral: "Like I said 

neutral: Yes we do ! 💯 percent a.s.a.p

negative: "end this pissing match

neutral: Nice God blass You famly

neutral: We need a class action law suit against every liberal that won’t protect us & get the wall built & secure our borders !!! How many attorneys are willing to help us do this ????

negative: you’re an idiot

neutral: Build the wall !!

neutral: Stay Strong President Trump we love you!

negative: Sorry for your loss God Bless👫🇺🇸👍🏽❤️🙏🏻

neutral: Keep 'em against the ropes

negative: awful nice fear mongering you got there

neutral: Protect our home

negative: So sad my prayers for them

neutral: The wall is being built thanks to our President Donald J. Trump.

negative: Sorry for your loss.. 🙏 for your family

neutral: God bless u and ur entire family 🙏🏻❤️

neutral: God Bless President Trump!!

neutral: Trump is trying his bestv

negative: NO ONE IS ILLEGAL ON STOLEN LAND! 👌👌

negative: "And you are living in the stolen land

neutral: Shane Crabb Funny people only agree once something happens to their family

neutral: BUILD IT Mr President ! Quickly

neutral: Trump!Trump!!Trump!!!

neutral: fund the wall

neutral: Keep doing what you are doing 🇺🇸

neutral: "Keep dreaming

negative: Just terrible Donald!

neutral: I'm not voting for you in 2020 either.

negative: So sad. We need the wall

neutral: Thank you for caring about Mandy Ferguson! Thank you for protecting American citizens!

neutral: .org/36942///PEBvgJX0hnDHuK9/fcbg/?cat=1&pid=1&i=1163951

neutral: I like you man 🇾🇪🇾🇪🇾🇪

negative: More propaganda

neutral: Put walls around this clown

negative: Sorry about your daughter may she Rip

negative: Bad photo shop job

neutral: Fences make good neighbors

negative: Pure Propaganda.

neutral: President Trump....Please build that wall.

neutral: MISTER PRESIDENT! OVER HERE

neutral: Please Build that Wall!!!!

neutral: Why don't we hear about these on news  They're to busy Harrasing our President

negative: So another mass shooting happened yesterday and we have nothing to say about protecting innocent people from this?  Sad

neutral: "What's even more amazing is that White mass shooters kill more innocent people

neutral: May her memory be a blessing

neutral: Thank you Trump 2020.

neutral: "YES SIR

neutral: Bulls the wall

neutral: Build

neutral: I hope he goes ahead and does it!

neutral: Build that wall Donald

neutral: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mass_shootings_in_the_United_States

neutral: So true Donald Trump

neutral: Just build the wall !!!

neutral: Thank you Mr President

neutral: Build it now

neutral: Walls don’t work

negative: https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/is-illegal-immigration-linked-to-more-or-less-crime/

neutral: Can’t share a pic lmao

neutral: M......f......ers!

neutral: Nancy agrees! https://www.facebook.com/395216814380642/posts/397943094108014?sfns=mo

neutral: Trump for 2020

negative: The most irrational view

neutral: May God Comfort you.

neutral: Is it means an iligal spanish ???

neutral: Build the Wall!!!!!!

neutral: Build The wall mr. President

neutral: Build it TALL

negative: http://fairus.org/issue/societal-impact/illegal-immigrants-distort-congressional-representation-and-federal-programs

neutral: "The Dems don't care

neutral: "I DECLARE A NATIONAL EMERGENCY FOR THE FUNDING AND SUPPORT OF OUR UNDERFUNDED AND OVERPOPULATED ANIMAL SHELTERS AND RESCUES

negative: https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/02/15/fact-checking-trumps-announcement-national-emergency/?utm_term=.854e3868061d

neutral: "That's one reason we love and respect you

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL

negative: So sad 😞Go Trump BTW

neutral: O its getting built dems

neutral: TRUMP IS AWESOME!

neutral: That’s his business

neutral: Build that Wall....

negative: CONS AND CRIMINALS ! Don't forget what we are dealing with

neutral: The statistics say otherwise.

neutral: "Best President in my life time. Trump

neutral: Love my president Trump

neutral: It's really necessary

neutral: Sure he is right

neutral: Build that Wall

neutral: He has them working at his country clubs

neutral: Same thing like the girl from Iowa.

neutral: Do it big man🥊🥊🥊

neutral: "Build that wall

negative: "BUILD IT NOW...I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHERE THE MONEY HAS TO COME FROM...GET IT AND USE IT ON THE WALL!!! PEOPLE CAN COME IN THE ""OLD FASHION"" WAY...LEGALLY!!!"

neutral: Chip Hauenstein agree

negative: Fake President and Liar in Chief

negative: "It is not a problem that Americans kill Americans

neutral: F the wall!

neutral: PUT UP THE WALL!!!!!!!!!!!!

negative: https://www.vox.com/2019/2/15/18226174/trump-emergency-incompetence-arrogance?fbclid=IwAR2cLSi5Lqby5q5XBUlp-qTnzWCQ29b8q75w3WfBSGb4kNCtNSnyDZhsNHw

neutral: Yes build a strong wall

neutral: finally! Thank you for caring!

neutral: Agree with you Mr President

neutral: These posts are old

neutral: Were with you!

neutral: I'm respect Tramp. He is the man !

neutral: Go for it trump

negative: "Timothy McVeigh is not an illegal

neutral: "Politicians don’t mind

negative: Build the wall! The Democrats want open boarders and they obviously don’t care about the Americans getting killed by illegals. Wait until an illegal kills one of their loved ones then see how they feel!

neutral: CBS newscasters needs to refer to our President as President Trump and not Mr. Trump. You don’t have to like him but respect that he has the top position in the country.

neutral: Build that wall!!

neutral: Walls do not work

neutral: Chip Thornton  Yes they do.

negative: "Sandra Nelson Ask the Chinese: Or the French. Trump wants to ignore the stats saying illegal immigration has been declining for two years

neutral: Build it tall

neutral: Built the WALL

neutral: WALLS KEPT MY MARRAGE ALIVE FOR ALMOST 22 YRS.

negative: Y’all lost your minds

neutral: 100% supporting him

negative: Hitleresque propaganda is fucked up.

neutral: "Sir

negative: Fool. Build the wall. DJT 2020

neutral: Build the wall.🥰

neutral: they will take a plane. 400$ only

neutral: Thank you President Trump

neutral: Yes we should

negative: So very sorry for your loss

neutral: Its take long papa.

negative: whoever denies that wall will work is an idiot with an agenda in collution with the drugs cartel of Mexico

neutral: There are far more stories of white right wing men doing a mass shooting.

negative: "There are wayyyyy more stories of black on black violence

negative: Brandon Joseph Long  Mass shootings are minuscule compared to other murders and homicides done by illegals

negative: No they aren't Palo. Show me the data and I'll show you why you're wrong.

neutral: "Haven't you already build alot of it? Show me some before and after pics

negative: dumoratts COULD CARE LESS ABOUT DEAD AMERICAN CITIZENS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

neutral: You did the right thing.

neutral: Agree 100% with Eva's statement

neutral: Wall today trump 2020

neutral: "Ok

neutral: "Build that wall 

neutral: The WALL MUST GO UP!!!!

negative: illegal is Illegal.

neutral: "Susanne Grogan-Moore Yup

neutral: Build that wall. Lets get it on.

neutral: The wall must be built.

neutral: Lord hear our prayers

neutral: Even one Angel mom is too many

neutral: Climate Change?

neutral: oh! is this the best movie of 2020

negative: I hate the wall and you suck

neutral: Go Trump you The Man!!

negative: No mames pinche paisa 🤦‍♂️

neutral: The chair for a high ranking democrat. They support illegal has great automotive citizens.

neutral: Build The Wall.!!!!

negative: LOSER LOSER LOSER LOSER LOSER!

negative: Gun reform https://www.vox.com/2019/2/16/18227655/aurora-shooter-gun-domestic-violence

negative: Stop worshipping greedy trick noise

neutral: "So why did Trump sign a open border

neutral: Do WE have LAWS.???  .......

neutral: "Dear God

neutral: The more people that speak out the better especially the people that live close to the border and see what is happening.

negative: "This is definatly a spirtual war we are fighting in this country. Wars get very bloody but we are ready!!!!! Majority of America stands with our PRESIDENT🇺🇸 We  have never had anybody in office that would stand for the people and stand rock solid like Trump has done!!!!! All through God's word

neutral: Sheryl Whitfield-Tolliver   love your irony........hahaha  - seriously not a consent comment

negative: "Peter Stock Your understanding is very limited Peter

negative: "Sheryl Whitfield-Tolliver  Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: "Jo Sechi Drugs kill more people than gun related deaths

negative: What about the hundreds of families who have lost a child to gun violence in their schools? Why do you not own their pain?

neutral: "Jeff Cole 

negative: The government has no right telling a women what they should do with their bodies!

negative: https://thefederalistpapers.org/opinion/list-every-current-national-emergency-nightmare-dems

neutral: https://www.yesmagazine.org/people-power/my-white-friend-asked-me-on-facebook-to-explain-white-privilege-i-decided-to-be-honest-20170809

neutral: QUEEN WAS NEVER MY MOTHER OK MARGRET ROBSON AMEN 2001

neutral: HOUSE OF THE RIDING SUN AMEN

negative: BLIND WITCHY GRUB SATALIGHT

neutral: BOBBIE PAYNE MOTHER MEGAN FOX OFF IT FUNNY LOL

negative: The wicked Democrats don't care about the victims of illegal immigration. They care about power.

neutral: Democrats care about the flag (keep it holy) guns (keep'em close by) God (use his name often) and acquiring money by any means. Oh yea I meant republicans

neutral: WOT SOUND DO THE FOXES MAKE ?? NNNNNNNNNNN BUM BUM SOSAGES

neutral: ERIC IDLE CROSS BRIGHT SIDE LIFE OK

negative: BLOOD BART LINES NO NO

neutral: RED WRITTING LINES STILL SEE IT 30FOOT HIGH CLIMBED IT

neutral: http://fortune.com/2019/02/14/amazon-doesnt-pay-federal-taxes-2019/?xid=time_socialflow_facebook&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=socialflowfb&utm_campaign=time

neutral: "I have lived in the Rio Grande Valley my entire life. Live about 10 minutes from Mexico

negative: Nope! You get no money for a wall. There is no wall.... #Not1Dollar #Not1Brick

neutral: 🙏🏻🙏🏻

neutral: #SB13 FreeTheStates.com #IGNOREROE Courts don't make laws #EstablishJustice #StateSovereignty #AbolishHumanAbortion #CHURCHREPENT FederalBeast.com

negative: "Conservatives- DoNt PoLiTiCizE gUn DeAtHs

negative: Katie Hamilton Kramer that particular girl wouldn’t be dead if her killer was in his own  country and had not broken the law by coming here illegally.

negative: "You missed the entire point of my post

neutral: WE SURPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP

neutral: Trump 2020!!!!

neutral: "Mr. Trump

neutral: FOUR AND OUT!

neutral: Thank you President Trump for all your hard work to keep us safe...

neutral: The Berlin Wall worked really well

negative: Sad that you lost your daughter . I am praying something can be done in her name to ease the pain. Like building a wall so no one else will suffer at the hands of illegals .

neutral: Walls work  USA USA 🇺🇸Trump 2020

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

neutral: "Ummmm......y'all do know that MOST illegals are people who overstayed their visas

neutral: "BUILD THAT WALLS! We NEDS TO PROTECT THIS COUNTRY

negative: But real national emergency is gun fires. Are you safe? No.

negative: January 2017 - Trump inaugurated - GOP majorities in both houses of Congress January 2017 Wall not an emergency February 2017 Wall not an emergency March 2017 Wall not an emergency April 2017 Wall not an emergency May 2017 Wall not an emergency June 2017 Wall not an emergency July 2017 Wall not an emergency August 2017 Wall not an emergency September 2017 Wall not an emergency October 2017 Wall not an emergency November 2017 Wall not an emergency December 2017 Wall not an emergency January 2018 Wall not an emergency February 2018 Wall not an emergency March 2018 Wall not an emergency April 2018 Wall not an emergency May 2018 Wall not an emergency June 2018 Wall not an emergency July 2018 Wall not an emergency August 2018 Wall not an emergency September 2018 Wall not an emergency October 2018 Wall not an emergency November 2018 Wall not an emergencyo November 2018 Democratic majority elected in House January 2019  EMERGENCY  Fact: Border apprehensions are at a 45 year low.  There is no crisis at our border. It's fake news.

negative: "Another challenge for our President.  Presidenc Trump has broad shoulders and perseverance

neutral: Keep doin what you are doing mr President..... I stand with you

neutral: "Please Mr. Trump

neutral: So true!!!!!!!!!!!

neutral: "IF THEY GET INTO THE USA 

neutral: Play Video

negative: #Resign Donald J. Trump

neutral: "So when are we building the walls around our schools? And movie theaters? And workplaces? And concert venues (need a roof for that one

neutral: Melissa Lamphere so what you're saying then is you want to foster/sponsor a family of illegals? Now remember no background check of any kind. Just open your door. Let'em right in to your home. I love how awesome of a person you are.

negative: Melissa Lamphere just how many is a  few bad people?

negative: "A bigger problem than illegal aliens in this country

negative: Lisa P. Woodruff  Illegal aliens not immigrants

negative: Andy Serritella the man's an IDIOT !

negative: Take all the security away from Congress. They forget who they work for. Remind them we the people are their employers. Use their security money to  BUILD DAT WALL!!!

negative: "Serious question: How is a wall going to prevent DWI’s or reduce the immigrants who legally came to The U.S. but illegally stayed? The only wall that exists to any magnitude is a landmark

negative: not because of one dumbass everyone gotta pay...

neutral: THE PRESIDENT  IS RIGHT BUIL THE  WALL.

neutral: R.I.P....()....

neutral: Someone run against Nancy in California and all her friends and vote them out of office .🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Brother do you like Nirvana?

neutral: Abel da Silva the band or the state of being?

neutral: "Keep ROCKING It Mr.President...best POTUS EVER! Thank you

negative: "I am sad that innocent people have lost there lives

neutral: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/bernie-sanders-2020-vermont-senator-says-hes-running-for-president-in-cbs-interview-political-party-views-stance-on-issues/?ftag=CNM-00-10aab7e&linkId=63780371&fbclid=IwAR3PN47LJmaDhkbswmR7pSrKTobg7gSaak-DunLk8qoauxh9XxhXyto20G4

negative: I was almost killed by 5 of them in Texas ! ...oh and yeah they got away with it with no problem at all !

neutral: "Remember that this pretty girl is AMERICAN just like you. Why isn't it the other way around

neutral: Trump loves the poorly educated   https://www.facebook.com/mark.steward.1654/videos/1070211679808070/

neutral: THIS GUY IS A BUM AND EVERYONE WHO SUPPORTS HIM

neutral: "One of the many examples of why we need better border security.  And yet

neutral: "BUILD THE WALL NOW

negative: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/u-s-budget-deficit-running-over-40-percent-higher-than-last-year

negative: I just want to know why us citizens have to pay out of network when ALL ILLEGALS are OUT OF NETWORK And pay ZEROOOOOO   https://youtu.be/NgbQIJ5pUDk

neutral: "why is this under 'opinion"" ?"

neutral: Tick-tick-tick ⏱

neutral: What is astounding is how the Democrats ignore your stories and will not go to the wall to listen to the brave men and women who have to defend it.

neutral: DUMOCRATS KNOW WALLS MAKE US SAFE SO THEY DON'T WANT THEM  BUT THEY HAVE THEM AROUND THEIR HOUSE  RIGHT PELOSI

neutral: Send the military to California and build the wall.

negative: "We have criminals on the daily that are citizens including every shooter lately who happens to be a white nazi supremacist that also happens to be extreme supporters of Trump but every once in a while an immigrant commits a crime

neutral: "Michala Dotson we’re not talking about immigrants

negative: "Sorry

negative: Stricter gun laws will protect Americans walls will not help the crime problem

neutral: Sorry bro both are a joke.

negative: A completely useless death and a travesty of justice. Is Beto willing to allow his kids to be victims?

neutral: #BuildTheWall #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

neutral: FINISH THE WALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

negative: https://www.forbes.com/sites/stuartanderson/2019/01/10/there-is-no-border-crisis/#67ccd8cd6a52

negative: "To everyone saying you can't blame him because of his immigration status

negative: "Another mass shooting and not even a word from the ""Mar a Lago"" national emergency crisis con."

negative: "IM SO SORRY FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HAS LOST THEIR LOVE ONES IN THE HANDS OF A CRIMINALS.  BUT

neutral: When people post this do they ever think about the domestic terrorism that happens here all the time daily?

neutral: Juanita Craner but mumbers show immigration is low

neutral: Juanita Craner  👏👏👏

neutral: Love it baby build that Wall https://youtu.be/tlfOPvUABnw

negative: Illegal immigrants killed millions of Native Americans.

neutral: You are the best President of U.S.A

neutral: DonaldTrumpUsaPresident.com .... made in China

neutral: "Although

neutral: All the school shootings been done by Americans all the church shootings been done by americans.

negative: raise your hand if you believe a wall would have stopped 9/11!!!

negative: Angela K Christensen.   Anybody who raises their hand would be foolish. We all know they came in by plane. A better question is raise your hand if you think the current wall is the reason all the Fentanyl was confiscated 2 weeks ago. Enough to kill 57000 people. That is the better question. Obviously those drugs wouldn't be coming into a port of entry if there was no wall. They would have come over in backpacks at points of the border where there isn't enough security.

neutral: what was his name?  why havent we heard from these people before

negative: I see those faces laughing one day you will regret if one of your loved ones get killed or murdered. 🤨

neutral: We need a wall around you to keep us safe. How low can you go? Resign now trump.

neutral: "My janitorial company sends MR

neutral: "https://youtu.be/S-Jjb94G5ls  King James Version   John 1:6-12 Light  Haggai 2:8 Mine  Matthews 6:24 One  Jeremiah 32:24  Behold The Mounts

neutral: "CNN

neutral: NOT BUILDING THE WALL HASN'T WORKED SO WHY NOT TRY IT. ATLEAST TRUMP IS STEPPING UP AND TRYING TO DO SOMETHING.

negative: "Blame a whole community because 1 member of said community got drunk and behind the wheel

negative: What about all the school shootings by Americans? Those just don’t matter? One problem by an illegal immigrant and that’s your excuse?? A lot of worse things happen and they’re not caused by the people you’re blaming. You’re doing more damage to the country. Money doesn’t make you any smarter..

negative: "Democrats are planning on suing because of the wall. Why can't those Americans who have been victims

neutral: "Build the wall no matter what the Dems

neutral: #fuckthewall

neutral: "Those opposed

neutral: 🤡🤮💩

neutral: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/10/284

neutral: 2020

negative: """Someone was killed by a gun

negative: Nah democrats want to ban guns already..Liberalism is really a mental disease.

negative: (Some died.  Ban immigrants and build a wall)

neutral: Send this snake to Satan!

neutral: if the wall would only save 1 life...yours...i'd still fight for it

negative: You have forgotten about Las Vegas. It was not illegal. It was a white like you

negative: No Brainer amen www.magapill.com

neutral: My Beloved Friend... Timing and Method... But... There is only one solution... If this way... The amount must be withdrawn quickly... And... The construction of the wall ends before the sixth month of the year... But the subject is dangerous... Courts... And will start thinking about isolation... You put us in trouble My Dear... Timing and method are wrong...

neutral: https://www.statista.com/statistics/476456/mass-shootings-in-the-us-by-shooter-s-race/

negative: sorry to know  of your Loss

neutral: KUS - KEEP US SAFE 😁

neutral: Close the bordes . Keep America safe .

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/FoxNews/videos/1916164388471460/?t=53

neutral: Bottom line we need wall

negative: Louis Messier you need nothing. Yoz need an other Goverment you insane naive Corrupt Bigotic Blasphemic TROLLS of Trumpsupporter the lowest Level of the USA Society.

neutral: Thank you Mr. President for not giving up. God bless you.

neutral: King Trump!

neutral: Wow this is insane

negative: YOU are so full of crap

neutral: Build the wall! Build the wall! Build the wall!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Very good good talk

neutral: BUILD THE WALL NOW!!!

negative: End of Democracy in USA.. so sad really.

negative: Border emergency what a hoax

neutral: "Erick Jones so

neutral: Dianna Adams Ewen  yes I have thank you

neutral: We also need tougher laws

neutral: They have no right to be alive

neutral: Mr.Donald J.Trump The Great

neutral: We need the wall

neutral: The wall yes

neutral: God Bless you 🙏🥰

neutral: Yes we need that wall now

negative: "Its evil

neutral: 😢

negative: "If walls worked you dipshit

neutral: You just made my point.

negative: And home grown Gun owners are killing thousands on US Soil !

negative: "Resign

negative: That's absolutly bullshit

neutral: EASTENDERS CORNER MEGAN UMBRELLA RHIANNA BLIND WITCHY CAR BATTERY TOLD A DROPPING IT LEAD CAT EYES STARE ME OUT POTTATOE HEAD BEAR COPY CAT SULPHURIC ACID STRONG OFF ITT

negative: I WAS BORN 1967 NOT ROSESWELL I'M ET ALIEN? BASKET CASE TWINS DEVIL MUST BEAN I CAME FROM HEAVEN OK AMEN MOTHER WELL DEAD

neutral: Check out this Https://youtu.be/2uiPpj1t2lc

neutral: ...and democrats support these illegals!  Makes me sick!!!

negative: It is no longer hyperbole to say that our president is a fascist. #thankstrump

negative: "And white American men have killed a MUCH larger number of Americans

negative: "I can understand someone feeling this way if their child is killed by an illegal. I would feel the same way.   But let’s look at the numbers.   106

negative: Tony Connelly how many die from drug OD from drugs smuggled across the southern border?

neutral: "Tony Connelly I agree with you. Between medical issues

neutral: "Eric Helmes  Yes

negative: "Trump has been accused of raping teen-age daughters

negative: "When Democrats dismiss the fact that illegal immigrants are killing citizens 

neutral: Ceilings work. Floors work. trump works for rich people.

negative: Most of Orange County’s non illegal residents are for you president Trump. Newsom is NOT representing us! HELP

neutral: #BuildTheWall #MAGA

negative: https://www.cato.org/blog/murder-mollie-tibbetts-illegal-immigrant-crime-facts

negative: "Troops do not view immigration as a “national emergency.” Not even close. 60 percent of active-duty troops say immigration is either a small threat to U.S. national security or no threat at all. Likewise

negative: "It's not just about drugs and murders. It's about the fact people are coming in illegally. What is so hard to grasp about the word ""ILLEGAL?"""

neutral: I totally agree Janine!

negative: "Prayers for everyone who have lost loved ones because of illegal aliens. This is absolutely insane. Thankfully

neutral: "Kathy Zimmerman Blackwelder lets pray too for the families who have lost loved ones by americans killers. President Trump needs to build the wall. After that

negative: Gree Gree Yes. If murders got what they deserved maybe they'd be less of them.

negative: "The Stable Genius was so correct when calling those who appose a wall liars. The Angel families must be heard

neutral: Ed Basler how many of those are big pharmaceutical’s fault?

neutral: "Many

neutral: Aren’t you on vacation... AGAIN? WORK ON THE WEIGHT TUBBY. Your waistline is getting as big as your lies

negative: "An emergency declaration ought to be reserved for legitimate emergency situations where quick

neutral: BUILD YOUR WALL BACK IN YOUR OWN COUNTRY BERLIN!

negative: I’m so sad to hear this.  Law-of-Destiny convicts government officials for this and many other EASILY preventable deaths.  NO EXCUSE.  Build that wall

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALLNOW

neutral: Emergency  like  this

neutral: "CNN'S Jim Acosta dissed Angel Families by SCOFFING THEM IN THEIR FACES

negative: Fox news  Fake news

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/450243058344758/posts/2140768489292198/

negative: Now hear this there is no national emergency at the southern border when the president is off playing golf and of story no wall... Sorry for your loss

neutral: Thank you Mr President for working so hard for us America citizens $$/

neutral: ... there is a child .. separated from her family for REAL ....

negative: "An illegal killed my nephew

neutral: Respectable Mr. President Jii. Thank you Mr. President for working so hard for us American Citizens. MAGA

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/1409826605740956/posts/2047804768609800/?sfnsn=mo

negative: "Ok Mr. President you are truly great at fear/hate mongering

neutral: He would have liked the idea .

negative: Trump ur just as bad as cnn. Lets remind the worl how many Americans ate people and buried people . Also many more evil crimes. Lets build a wall is like locking us all in a cell with these American killers. The kkk set nonwhites on fire and tied them to a tree but there able to roam free . Good one trump

neutral: what? smh

negative: How can Democrat’s live with themselves ———-0let alone view the photo’s of reality 🆘👎🏿🆘👎🏿👎🏿🆘👎🏿🆘🆘🆘

neutral: You gotta remember liberals don’t care about anyone’s kids they abort all theirs

negative: Everybody knows Trumps right! Just a bunch of babies raising hell for the sake of raising hell!

neutral: HI EXCELLENCY PRESIDENT MESTER DONALD TRUMP. THE FOLOWING ONE'EXAMPLE EXAMPLE  - I HAVE THE BEST MALVERSE. AND DESIRED MALVERSE+ LIVE LIVE EXCELLENCY PRESIDENT MESTER DONALD TRUMP FROM/ KHLIFA BELTAEIF BOUSSETTA FEKIH.

neutral: 😪🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: Trump is killing America. No wall!

neutral: 😁

negative: how many legal citizens are murderer?

neutral: "Put a wall around Illinois

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/346213832769560/

negative: Aren't we all illegal immigrants?

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL! 🇺🇸

neutral: MANY MILLIONS OF AMERICANS AGREE WITH YOU. WE MUST BUILD THE WALL FOR AMERICAN'S SAFETY.

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2230952110506090&set=gm.2283022718416267&type=3&theater

negative: DEMOCRATS KILL BABYS DONT CARE FOR ANY USA CITIZENS GETS KIIL BUD MILIUONS BABYS IS OK TO KIIL IDONT GET IT

neutral: 👍👍👍

neutral: "It is our constitutional right to be safe even against our own government. Build

neutral: God bless America and God bless president Trump.....the true American leader.....he loves our country.....

neutral: THE BEUTIFUL WALL IS ALREADY BEING BUILT GOD BLESS THE GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP.

neutral: "Actually

neutral: Melissa Lamphere you're triggered and brainwashed the wall is being built and it's beutiful. MAGA

neutral: Dummycrats only think the rich deserve walls sad sheep

neutral: "Dam Melissa Lamphere

negative: "How about this state of emergency?  White Supremists

neutral: "Matthew Mastrogiovanni HP funny

negative: "My fear is not the defeat of stupidity on the left

negative: How come you don’t advocate for victims of mass shootings using the same rationale?

neutral: Mohsen if dont like trump good bye.Teump is doing what mo PRESIDENT has balls to do it.

neutral: Please help America President Trump!

neutral: "Time to create a Border Chief Engineer.  Where are the Engineers in politics???? Be the first President to embrace engineers.  Engineers create our economy

negative: "So if a neighbor kills a bunch of kids in a school

neutral: "My Name is Mr. Yogesh Pratap THANK GOD FOR MOORE FINANCIAL COMPANY LTD. I have been searching for a Loan to settle my debts

neutral: Mr. Trump you're a beautiful Angel of the Lord with hair as Golden as my Sunrise.

neutral: You are twisted.  Trump..an angel of the Lord...more like Satan's spawn

neutral: We are with you Mr. President Trump

negative: Men in this country on student visas from SAUDI ARABIA flew planes into the World Trade Center  What’s trumps answer to that?  Kneel at the Saudi princes feet....  Now  please tell me who the enemy of the state is?

negative: Don’t go to far docents of cases that police kill black men but I guess Mexicans are the new blacks

neutral: And you still get people who laugh at this. . What fucknuts.

neutral: Support trump 💯%  Make america great again !

negative: MANDATORY E-VERIFY!!!!! MANDATORY E-VERIFY !!!!!!!!!!!!  https://www.facebook.com/DMLNewsApp/videos/344302992850242/

neutral: The Wall is a figment and an fixation of Trump's sick twisted narcissistic mind! Mr. President!! Get help!!

negative: Kenny Shuster get your head out of your ass we need the wall

neutral: Jane Mitchell Why? Because the Fuhrer says so?!!

neutral: Kenny Shuster no America says so.  If you want to keep on supporting the illegals invite them to your house

neutral: Kenny Shuster except that the boots on the ground at the border said they need it..

neutral: "Bull O'Neill The Military Doesn’t Seem to Appreciate Trump’s Border Stunt                                                                       President Trump’s decision to deploy thousands of active-duty soldiers to the border with Mexico

negative: Did Don the Con tell you that this illegal immigrant entered the country thru a legal checkpoint?

neutral: A white American men hit and run my truck where is the wall?

neutral: "President Donald J. Trump; BUILD THE WALL NO MATTER WHAT!!!  Please protect us

neutral: "Nancy Pelosi And Chuck Schumer Just  approved  1.3 Billion Dollars  for Funding  to Build part of the Southern  Border Wall 

neutral: 😢😢😢🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😡🤬🤬🤬

neutral: https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/10/politics/trump-university-settlement-finalized-trnd/index.html

negative: You helped kill the economy in Atlantic City can we build a wall around your ignorance?

neutral: Millions of Americans are behind you 100%! Keep fulfilling your campaign promises and we will get you reelected in 2020. The Democrats will eat there own.

negative: "I'm so sorry for your loss however more kids get killed in this country by American citizens. The immigrants aren't the problem

negative: Cindy Sak Nowak go live in Chicago or Mexico if  you really believe gun control works .

neutral: "lol Chicago is my hometown. Although they have some of the strictest gun laws

negative: Cindy Sak Nowak so you believe that when the government has shootouts with people that refuse to give up their rights because the illegal firearms owners aren't going to obey the law then everything gets better. You are to damn dumb. You say Chicago laws aren't strict enough yet open carry cities are some of he safest in the country.

negative: No Chuck I didn't say that. Brush up on your comprehensive skills so you don't look so foolish. Maybe your lack of comprehensive skills are causing your confusion.

negative: Chuck Brantley cant debate with stupid

neutral: Cindy Sak Nowak obviously your comprehensive skills are based on Fictional world's where the same cops that you idiots are calling oppressors and murderers all of a sudden become your protectors when law abiding citizens have no guns. Get a clue

neutral: Chuck Brantley

negative: "Chuck Brantley  You're the one lowering your standards by attacking and calling names. It's apparent that's all you got. Most adults would be embarrassed to act in such a childlike manner. Same with Lyle

neutral: #JimAcosta

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/100003370994761/posts/1928236563965358/

neutral: China and berlin had a wall and look how that turn out

neutral: https://youtu.be/egav1IFr5n0

neutral: #fearmonger

negative: "If the illegal doesn’t get into this country

negative: "However stats have proven over and over again that citizens commit way more crimes than illegals. I would think many of the illegals that do come here also get their guns here since it's so easy to do so. However I am against illegal immigration but the majority of our mass shootings are caused by white American citizens. President Obama deported more illegals than any other president. It's not the crisis that Trump's conning his base to believe. Stats show immigration from the southern border is the lowest in 50 years. Many of the suspected terrorist that have entered this country

neutral: I WANNA SEE ALL YOUR GRERN CARDS NOW

neutral: "the democrats are against him 

negative: There is no reason for any person to enter the USA illegally

neutral: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇲️🇺🇲️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

neutral: THERE ARE ALL KINDS OF RACE KILLERS EVERYWHERE WITH OR WITHOUT A WALL.

negative: "Very sorry for your Preventable Loss 😞.  May God Bless you

negative: Gun violence by American right wing extremists is also very problematic. When is this going to be a priority?

neutral: #FUCKTRUMP

negative: "My heart aches for those that have unnecessarily lost a loved one bc someone was here illegally. I cannot even imagine the pain they are enduring over and over again every time they hear comments like

negative: "SO SORRY for your loss . Apparently the Dems 

negative: So sorry 😐 the way you lost your daughter is such a tragedy. We must declare that those who want to harm Americans must be kept out !  We must secure our borders and defend our Nation ..... so sorry for your loss

neutral: If you love America protect them from Russia-Ukraine and all those that come from Russia. And declare your Tax to the Americans you love.

neutral: "yeah

neutral: #TrustthePlan🇺🇸 #EVerify #VoterID

negative: "US Bombs killed 9

neutral: "Walls don't work

neutral: 🙏💕🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: 🇺🇸🙏👏❤💙

neutral: "Never in American history have elected officials

neutral: 🤥🤑🤡

neutral: 👍🏻👍🏻😊😊🇩🇰🇩🇰

negative: "While these are heartbreaking stories the fact that the driver was in the country illegally has nothing to do with the traffic accident

neutral: Michael Curtin  hi

neutral: Ralph Alvord Hey

neutral: 🇺🇸🙏✝️

neutral: #bestpresidentever

neutral: Were with you President Trump.

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL.

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/15704546335/posts/10157841510401336/

neutral: #BuildTheWall

neutral: #FinishTheWall

negative: Maybe Trump should have thought before signing that awful budget bill...

neutral: there are people in this world that wont agree unless it happens to them.. that's baffling to me.

neutral: "Such BS

negative: ^^^* 'We'; {average American citizen's}... need to bring light to EVERY occurrence of an; 'Illegal Alien' murdering a 'American Citizen'.  And then make sure that the entire World knows.  That 'IT' 'IS' the unequivocally /and/ specifically that 'FAULT' of; 'Nancy Pelosi' / 'Chuck Schumer' /and/ Anyone that did not vote to fund the 'Border Wall'!!!!!! 　 *Through Their neglect... have the Blood of innocent people on Their hands!!!!!!! :'(  *> When will They {Liberal's} be prosecuted for; 'Complicit Neglect in conjunction of a Homicide'!?!?!?! >:(

neutral: 😪✝️❤️

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL

negative: Illegal immigrants have been killing people in Wales for hundreds of years.

neutral: Anthony Witcombe ok

neutral: #ImmigrationReform

negative: "Right. But if a cop uses excessive force and kills an unarmed civilian

neutral: "There's over 250

neutral: #WorstPresidentEVER

neutral: #NoBanNoWall

neutral: 💯🇺🇸💯💞

neutral: So what are you doing about the most recent mass shooting?

neutral: 🙏

neutral: #trump #2020 🇺🇲🇺🇸🇺🇲🇺🇸

neutral: 👍👍

neutral: #BUILDTHEWALL #NICEANDTALL

neutral: #Greatestpotusever

neutral: 💞👍💞:-)😇👌

neutral: What is going to keep us safe from the crazy misguided Democrat's? They are trying to tear up the constitution with one hand and trying to use it as a weapon with the other. They are the greatest treat to our republic.

neutral: 🙇🏻‍♀️🙏🏻

neutral: "People act like Obama was the greatest thing since slice bread but he had 8 years gas prices were $4 a gallon our economy was in the tank taxes were high and not a lot was done. Not saying he didn't do anything good but he didn't have the stones to do something like this

negative: It's very sad that you lost your child that's horrible. At one time your family were immigrants and needed to come to a better environment to have the necessities for life.

neutral: legally

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/423550194411366/posts/1736144173151955?sfns=mo

neutral: I bet he is not a democrat.

neutral: #MAGAOTS

neutral: https://youtu.be/ANhLZRFgLsE

negative: https://www.wikihow.com/Survive-in-Federal-Prison

neutral: WATEVER TRUMP ANYTHING TO BRING YOU DOWN💯💯💯💯🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿

neutral: YOU ARE THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER.

neutral: Do u know what pee me off is good american people like wendi that has lost a someome and  people like Nancy Pelosi and some of these other dems won't even give them the time of day to talk to him they just brush him off and say the heck with them

neutral: 👎🏻

neutral: "https://www.facebook.com/groups/598619343899059/1

neutral: https://amp.usatoday.com/amp/2890714002

neutral: 😢🤒😇

neutral: #buildthatdamnwall

neutral: http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp

negative: And ???A Resident guy kill 5 People in United State! What is the difference??? all we are human beings!!

negative: And an American killed 5 people and shot 5 police yesterday in Illinois. A wall would not have helped!

neutral: #elongatedskullsofperu

neutral: #BuildTheWallAndCrimeWillFall

neutral: #whitehouse

neutral: God bless America

neutral: #YuriGiovanni

neutral: 💩🐂🖕🤡

negative: Crime rates are higher for Americans than for immigrants. Fix gun control.

neutral: "That statistic is for LEGAL immigrants

neutral: https://apple.news/AshdjozJ7TrWwla0EtHAtoA

negative: "We're all living in mama bear snake pit. I gotta take a chit right here in mama bear snake pit. And when we die she gets all our pills from our medicine cabinets for that toothless old hags' opiod thrills. I sing it to the tune of ""yellow submarine"".  It doesn't bring my dog back but it helps me cope with that toothless old hag. She's not my wife. I would never let that hag touch me.  She's just a vindictive evil old toothless miserable old hag."

neutral: #SecureOurBorders

negative: If people don't like the thought of a wall then why don't we open all the prison in America they are behind a wall or barrier for some reason or let someone walk thru your front door without knocking what is wrong with you people we need to protect our country everyone one needs to come the same way as our ancestors did legally

neutral: Holly s...t. iam Sorry. God Bless you Trump Baby :-). Iam Wish a better world for us.

neutral: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: Lol 😂

neutral: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=617326192030358&id=100012589481145

neutral: https://m.sandiegoreader.com/news/2011/jan/27/blogs-toni-atkins-developer-dollars/

neutral: David Créteur 🖕🏻

neutral: 😭🤣😭

negative: 5 people were killed the other by a gunman. The Las Vegas massacre was a national emergency. 100’s of people were killed. When is the real emergency going to be addressed ?

neutral: ❤️

negative: And they will continue to kill

negative: Mary Jean Schroeder you mean white people that's kill children at school do all mass shooter

neutral: Donny trump the one hit wonder

neutral: The President got more yays than nays I like that He is President of the USA

negative: How many times will the Democrats turn a blind eye to the needless deaths of American citizens in order to protect illegals?!

neutral: 😢💜

neutral: ☠️⚔️☠️

neutral: https://twitter.com/RespondTrump

neutral: 👺

neutral: 😭😭🙏🙏🙏

neutral: ❤🇺🇸❤🙏❤🇺🇸❤🙏❤🇺🇸🎼👂

neutral: "Lol

neutral: 😂👎😂👎😂

neutral: 👍😔

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/2243135779042600/

neutral: 🙏🏻🇺🇸🙏🏻🇺🇸🙏🏻🇺🇸🙏🏻🇺🇸🙏🏻

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/1545594971/posts/10217812114444974?sfns=mo

neutral: ♥

neutral: 👀

neutral: ❤️🙌🏻🙌🏻🇺🇸

neutral: #buildthewall

neutral: 😔😔😔

neutral: 🙏❤️🙏

neutral: 😢😥😡

negative: How.many children have been murdered by American citizens? 1200 last year killed by guns. That is a real crisis.

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/1478505579098739/posts/2383599701922651/

negative: Thank you Mr President! Its too late for my husband who was killed by illegals and left to die on the road. Our family has been forever broken since. All in an effort so they can have a better life! What about ours? His? At what expense is it ok? Its not!!

neutral: Your only priority is your own advancement and legacy.

neutral: 100%

neutral: https://www.google.com/amp/s/foreignpolicy.com/2019/01/03/walls-dont-work/amp/

neutral: 🙏🇺🇸😇

neutral: "I STAND WITH YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP

neutral: 🙏🏻

neutral: 🐖

neutral: 🐽

neutral: 🐷

neutral: Thanks Mr President we believe in you

neutral: "Proof is

neutral: "Stand firm

negative: You people are really dumb

neutral: 👍

negative: Someone needs to go ahead and kill trump instead of shooting schools

neutral: 🌹

negative: Shits beyond stupid. Let's just pull out of other countries and go to war with south America. This post is wack.

neutral: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2035666109816422&id=100001191590343

neutral: 🙏🙏

negative: Damn right Donald. Screw these people who have no common sense and want to see our country destroyed. They are blind and have no damn sense. Go Trump go!

negative: "Like if immigrants are the only people in the world that kill people.  So much hate on the heart of this fake presidents.  White people kill more people than anyone in the entire history

neutral: "Chuy Jesus Santy actually 

neutral: Really? Do I need to remind you of Hittler and the millions massacred?

negative: Mention one mass shooting or school shooting by an immigrant?  The problem here is trump that is dividing USA with his hate on immigrants

negative: What a crock. Trump said himself he didn’t need to call a national emergency he just did it to attempt to sidestep congress.   Illegal immigrants are less likely to kill than native born Americans.  Drugs come in mainly through regular ports of entry. Illegal crossings are at an all time low. But hey who needs facts and rule of law when living in trumps Orwellian universe full of alternative facts.

neutral: 👍👌👍

neutral: 👍🙏🇺🇸

neutral: 🙄

neutral: 👍🇺🇸👍🇺🇸👍🇺🇸

neutral: ☹️

neutral: ❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘

neutral: picture says it all

neutral: #TeamBuildTheWall

neutral: 😎👍🇧🇷

negative: We need protection.....from Congress. Thank you President Trump. Don't sign the bad deal. Shut down the Gov. if you have to. Do an extension.

neutral: 🐕📣

neutral: https://youtu.be/zcNjW5NN9IE

negative: What about people killed by police officers. Should we build a wall around police officers?

neutral: "Affffff he still playing this game and the trump-zombies are ‘oh yeahhh’... Jesus

negative: Trump has no shame.

neutral: 😔

neutral: 😢💔🙏

negative: Those that live in gated communities tell us walls don’t work.  Those that have armed bodyguards tell us we should not own firearms.  Those that have worn blackface condemn us for asking them about it.

neutral: "Is the killer given sanctuary 

negative: """Are you against the wall? First take the door out of your house and leave everything open."" Well said."

negative: What about the thousands of parents their children were killed by AMERICANS with guns?  Veterans. Medical care. Sorry about your daughter. But come on guys. We have WAY more impactful priorities!  Vanity wall. #TemperTantrum

neutral: Triumph comes not by force but by wisdom. A strong wave will bring ruin to what it touches but in its wake you've discovered a cleansing of the shores...

neutral: sometimes by the wisdom of force

negative: Not even a shoe of the wrong size will fit by force

neutral: "In order for America to be great again 

neutral: "Trump chuckled about how his ""bone spurs"" got him out of serving his country in Vietnam so he could play the dating game.  Macario Garcia was a boy of 3 when his parents moved their large family across the Rio Grande from Mexico to work in the fields of South Texas. That’s where the draft board found him

neutral: "Del Cueto added that he wants a secure border for the same reason people lock their doors at home:  ""Because we love the people inside

neutral: lol

negative: "A crazy white guy killed my father

neutral: TRUMP 🖤🙌🏻  3️⃣6️⃣5️⃣   #365AllTheTime⁠ ⁠ #365ZeddxKaty⁠ ⁠   katy.to/365Video

negative: "A legal American citizen killed 5 in Illinois yesterday in yet another mass shooting in Aurora. Get your priorities

negative: How many kids are killed from school shootings? How many people die from poverty and not being able to afford their medicine? Didn't 16000 veterans kill themselves this year?? But yes the Mexicans are our country's main concern. Idiots.

negative: "coming over the border illegally at the rate of 60

neutral: "Finish the super Collider. Unlock the secrets of the universe for only 4 billion dollars. Or

negative: How about you share some of those citizens story's that were MURDERED by gun toting americans too MASS KILLINGS ..AMERICAN TERRORIST ..... ALL WR HEAR IS CRICKETS FROM YOU ABOUT THAT

negative: Despicable use of someones pain and loss for selfish reasons. You’re awful.

negative: "I hate to say it but

negative: I cant wait for the Democrats to also use the declaration of emergency to enforce gun control.  Statistically it's more of an emergency.

negative: "THE IPs (Infanticide Party members) are on a roll these days.  Supporting the murder of new born babies AND refusing to live up to their Constitutional oath to DEFEND AND PROTECT USA!  Maybe

neutral: OUR president has sent a solid and straight forward messege too not only the leftist in our country with yesterdays decision too declare a national emergency but he is making it clear to any tin pot dictators too boot on a few more levels of greater importance.....Give em hell Mr.President.....!!!

neutral: "Let's be clear

negative: Be afraid. Who just shot up his workplace yesterday killing five? Stop the f*cking fear mongering you idiots.

negative: "Jim Popper it's not fear mongering.....its common sense

negative: More Americans are killed by Americans than come over the boarder

negative: "Bill Hoeler  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat

neutral: 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🐷🖕🏿

neutral: https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/media-releases/all

neutral: Is the not the land off the free cus it dont look like that to me

neutral: "yes sir finish that great big beautiful wall of securiy

neutral: "Greetings President Trump theirs 250 resurvations circumferencing the united states

negative: Just say no to caravans ....BTW !!

negative: "Trump is staying “relevant” as the wall is the only issue he has to stand on.  Unfortunately people are biting on this.  Child poverty

negative: "Unconscionable to use one person's tragedy for your own political gain. Even worse to give this man false hope. Because of Trump

neutral: whats GROTESQUE is your opinion...but thats your right

neutral: I agree withvmr. Trump. The wall must be built.

negative: The democrats don’t care about the victims of crimes comited by illegals to Americans

neutral: Thanks for walling the world's largest cartel in with us. Also for giving them a huge tax break

neutral: people in united kingdom just  giving up on British government to do their jobs they care more about   approval ratings and deporting illegal immigrant isn't on the list.

negative: What are we going to do with our home grown terrorists?

neutral: "I feel for this families

neutral: "Most of theses trolls are Saul Alinsky Minions following his tactics that he set forth in his book

negative: They have killed more with all the deadly drugs they bring in . Yes their not all bad but with the wall it will stop the madness . Trump is trying to make America safe again democrats are stopping it .  It’s very simple it wasnt very long ago with Obama     the Democrats wanted a wall to stop the illegals but now they are resisting because if trumps succeeds in getting a wall up and making America safe the Democrats will be on a sinking ship with a giant hole in the middle of it. The old schoolers need to look and see the  Democrat party they once believed in is long gone .  But they are lied to telling them Trump will take away Social Security and Medicare.  It’s a lie . Trump said you earned it . God Bless America and let’s come together as one .

neutral: "The FOREIGN DOGS have to go

neutral: "First of all Nancy Pelosi took vacations twice instead of staying Wash.

neutral: U should form a investgation on the deep state in are gov starting right in the doj n fb I...before they rig the election in 2020 Hope U listen to what am saying

neutral: "The 56 laughing at this

neutral: 🇺🇸

neutral: And enforce all the laws that Democrats would like to do away with.

neutral: "A USA citizen 

neutral: Build the wall. # TRUMP 2020

negative: Exploiting a person's death for political gain- is there anything lower? What an incredible scumbag Trump is.

negative: Steve Martin Your an idiot and probably want socialism  ....

neutral: A $10B wall is worth more than a $4.5B pipeline that doesn't exist. What can it hurt?

negative: Build two rows of concertina mount .50 every half mile post a no mans land. That will work ask North and South Korea.......!!!

neutral: I think Pelosi is head and shoulders kinder and a better leader than Trump! Let Nancy Pelosi give us the tools to give fair and honest border protection. Trump made a big noise with his big mouth and I don't really appreciate or much need his work.

negative: "Huh a couple of Americans put the  Middle East into the heap of mess it is today. You don't see any of the Arab nations banning you folks. While I do deeply feel sorry for your loss

negative: THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT PRESIDENT IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE

negative: "..Thousands and thousands of innocent people are murdered every year by ""home grown"" American murderers.....How come they`re NOT paraded before the public like this one committed by an illegal....??..I guess if you`re killed by an American it dosen`t matter because it dosen`t fit in with Trump`s BULLSHIT about his wall...."

neutral: Not to mention anyone who’s done the research should know the wall is fiscally responsible

negative: Blame all these murders on the people who voted for democrats.

negative: WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

neutral: and Hamburgers are made by germans

negative: "exactly and enough with this ""undocumented workers"" workers is hardly the word to describe them. ILLEGAL ALIENS is more appropriate and it was used without any problems for years."

neutral: How many people were killed in las vegas or parkland or aura trump you don't care.

neutral: http://myupsc.com/important-study-notes-for-competitive-exams/

negative: THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES AND IS DESTROYING AMERICA!

negative: My thoughts and prayers go to all the families of those who’s lives were taken by those here illegally. BUILD THAT WALL and keep America safe. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: "Such a made up crisis.  Liberal media and politician just ignore it and continue to push the ""trump is  manufacturing the emergency""!  BS"

neutral: "President Trump can you have the new Attorney General and the  DOJ  investigate if El Chapo gave millions of dollars to Clinton

negative: Do you think that a fucking wall can protect you. I think that it is not a solution

negative: Legal status doesnt stop terrible things like this from happening. American citizens do these same terrible things. A wall won’t stop them from happening again.

neutral: Build that wall Mr. President I completely agree with you and support the idea of protecting our country. I’m firmly in support.

neutral: Can we fix stupid people too? That would be helpful.

negative: "That's terrible. Instead of the wall

neutral: A wall will not make us safer #Dotard! Ever hear of ladders? Tunnels? How about simply cutting through the prototype steel that you're thinking of using?

neutral: "Every Single Democrat has Walls around their homes!! Along with Security with guns!! So they don’t live in the neighborhoods across our Country and they have Walls and Body Guards Many!! If they don’t believe Walls Works their houses wouldn’t just have Big Walls but unbelievable Security!! Also important information is their family is protected by their security and Walls! The Americans don’t Matter to Anyone of Them!! They have Their own healthcare not what every American has and can’t afford Medications ect.. Our American children Must Pay for Colleges but illegals don’t

negative: "America right now is under stress

neutral: Sacramento Mendoza

negative: Here’s one cherry picked example to prove a stupid point. How many thousands of people die from cars every week? Let’s outlaw them! How many people die from gun violence? Let’s confiscate them all! Obesity? Forced dietary restrictions for the overweight!

negative: "An American citizen just killed 5 people - we must build a wall around Illinois. An American citizen just killed 4 people in a hostage situation - we must build a wall around Mississippi. Parkland; Newtown; Las Vegas; Charleton

neutral: https://youtu.be/HomWHn-gN38

neutral: Being run over by an American is much better.

neutral: https://youtu.be/06BE9SiWEwA

neutral: "Yes Trump is right

neutral: "Are you looking for Gaming

negative: omg thats so funny it just cracks me up; haven't laughed this hard since i watched the fake pres make a fool of himself in front of the WH yesterday.

neutral: https://youtu.be/GB4s5b9NL3I

negative: TO THE 90 AS$HOLES THAT PUT THE LAUGH EMOJI. KARMA IS A BITCH.

negative: "Sue Howie

neutral: ;;

neutral: https://i.imgur.com/gfLTReH.png

negative: """Illegal Immigrant"" is just a nice way of saying criminal

neutral: Its your number one job as The President of the United States. And youre doing everything in your power to protect us. Not Mexico or any other part of  the world.  Now Democrats apparently work for everyone but Americans and the United States. Lol. They kinda need to. No one trusts them anymore

neutral: "THIS IS MORE EFFECTIVE    "" The border region receives boundless solar energy

negative: "I hope the wall prevent missiles to come in too. Trump with all his BS is making the US look stupid and weak. He needs to really focus on how to make the country more powerful

negative: The Left Wing Liberal Democrats are trying to destroy this Country. America is so fed up with all their bullshit.

neutral: GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER!  THE ALMIGHTY GOD IS WITH YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP AMEN! ! ! !

negative: Not all immigrants are committing crime Mr Honourable President arrest criminals and let the children women and men get assistance or build them a city were there can work on the American system and economy

negative: So sorry! Now senator from Texas John Cornyn is saying he’s against Trump getting wall build !! He’s up for election we have too vote him out of office. He is worse then a democrat. Cornyn he is killing America.

neutral: "#RealNationalEmergency  https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/huppke/ct-met-family-separation-border-children-trump-huppke-20190211-story.html?fbclid=IwAR2yVnMDpq_1q_KufgMFmVW60-QCzUyPO_WiyfcdFWpYR991wILjADYFpLUAmerica

negative: "Steven Hunter Do you not understand that anyone who commits a crime and has to be locked up is separated from their children? That includes American citizens. That is the fault of the person who chose to commit the crime

negative: Damn right ! The democrats are imbeciles ! They care more about an illegal than your daughter ! Truly Sad ! Trump 2020 !

neutral: 😔😔😔😂😂😂😂

neutral: 772019702

neutral: "Keep up the fight President Donald J. Trump!  ""I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies

negative: "Thousands of Mexicans die with weapons that you pass through the border

neutral: "Eduardo Mendoza Is because of the savagery that some mexican people have in their blood

negative: "Day 3 of the national emergency and I still haven't gotten my emergency text message from the President.  He must have another round of golf to get to first. Fucking don ""the Con""!!!"

neutral: allegedly according to acosta it never happened

neutral: http://ourfilm.org/

neutral: "Using personal experiences of s minority of people to create legislation against an entire other group is..well

negative: I’m going to be waiting for the next Democratic President to declare an “Emergency Crisis” on guns! #FuckTrump

neutral: http://ourfilm.org/help

neutral: GOVERNMENTS ABOUT TO DROP US ALL IN IT.  Like a juggler trying to keep several objects in the air at the same time - there goes the politicians of the ruling circus that governs this world.  Like clowns hiding behind their public masks - they are but court jesters ruling amidst a menagerie of their own making - as they try to keep so many different people's entertained they are running out of idea's to keep their many different alien patrons happy.  This human zoo from which they have removed the barriers that kept some sort of order - is now becoming a human jungle of wild beasts that are turning more and more on each other as the barriers no longer exist.  All their resources and restraints are being exposed as impotent - as resistance to them is growing by the day - a bunch of circus clowns and jugglers who cannot even keep order among themselves - as they have all been exposed as having their fingers in the till - sleeping with the enemy - and as perverted as is their main stream media mouthpiece acting blameless and preaching like a saint the 'Sermon on the Mount.' on the one hand - when they are all as corrupt as each other.  What's the odds that those clowning circus freaks of power are going to bring the global big top down?

neutral: "I'm for legal immigration 

neutral: God Bless President Donald Trump. Best POTUS in 50 years. Hardest working too! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

negative: "Laura Anglin Peterson  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat

negative: "As long as it isn't your family who is dead

neutral: "We only know what we catch coming in which is a fraction of all the drugs

neutral: "An American citizen murdered innocent people

neutral: "Anthony Clark because flint michigan is a state issue

negative: "trump doesn't give a rats ass about anybody but himself. What we know for fact is he is; a criminal

neutral: Build the wall !!!

negative: This is to sad how many deaths of American Citizens need to happen and how much money do we need to give illegals before democrats wake up and realize without the wall Americans aren't as safe and are suffering the consequences of the Democratic decisons.. #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall

negative: Your highest priority is yourself...  your meme failed...

neutral: Let's build a big mosque over the white house and invte the Bin Laden family to design and build it

negative: You are all fucked in the head

neutral: 😔😔

neutral: ;)

neutral: 💎

negative: Hat about Parkland and the thousands in the US who were killed by male citizens.  That seems to be an emergency😩

neutral: https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-47255380

neutral: https://youtu.be/6Km5O6T20zQ

negative: "People dont realize that more Americans kill Americans than anyone else. Why isn't that being talked about? I live in El Paso. That stretch of road is known to have deadly accidents. It just so happened that this individual was an immigrant. However if it were to be any other driver

negative: These people live in Iowa or Kentucky and they have no idea what goes on at the border.

negative: The MSM doesn't report the news any more but years ago the Mexican president released all his criminals from prisons so long as they left the country and went to America.  That explains illegal aliens of Mexico and crime.

neutral: Mark Schwendau I’d LOVE to see your credible link regarding this.

neutral: I got it from somebody in the Intel community so...

neutral: "If we still had investigative journalists

negative: Mark Schwendau you’re a lying liar.

neutral: Let me do something to make it up to you...  https://youtu.be/o6zBw2DUlFc

neutral: https://amzn.to/2EdzNcx

neutral: https://youtu.be/W1XDwADwfBw

negative: I don't believe the lies and propaganda of the Democrats. They want to hold on so tightly to their power and are willing to destroy life for  America's citizens even if it means death.  Thank you President Trump for everything. Trump 2020! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸💕💕💕💕💕

negative: Walls  work  IF  they  are  prison  walls  with  the  required  human  resources.  May  you  know  such  in  your  lifetime.

neutral: These stories are heartbreakingly sad! Bless them in their grief! Build this wall now and secure our nation! Remove all incentives for illegals to come here now!

negative: You are spending all this money on a ridiculous wall yet we have bridges and tunnels that are going to start failing. You are an idiot. Ann Coulter is right.

negative: "Hey president Idiot

neutral: "Undocumented immigrant receives Medal of Honor for his actions in combat and is beaten with a baseball bat when he returns home. On Nov. 27

negative: I'm sorry for the loss of life due to illegal aliens but how many death from homegrown players deaths from no insurance or drugs to save them America is broke and istead of fixing it we are building a wall

neutral: Marybeth Paredes so dont fix one because there are multiple?

neutral: Sherry Holcomb fix them all don't put all your eggs in 1 basket

negative: A us citizen killed my father.should we ban them?

neutral: Marcia Harrison Rayne yes

negative: How many people died from prescribed medicines? Gun accidents? Vehicle accidents? Spousal abuse? Gang violence? Mental illness? Why are you picking on these families who are just trying to survive when home grown Americans are slaughtering each other and themselves daily?

negative: And an american killed my father....soooooo

negative: Corrupt 45 doesnt care about all the parents who had their little children killed at school. Corrupt 45 doesnt care about the Americans killed in the Las Vegas Massacre! Corrupt 45 doesnt care about the kids killed at that night club outside of Los Angeles! Corrupt 45 doesnt care about the 5 people killed yesterday. Corrupt 45 the worst president in American History!

negative: "Very sad. I'm here to tell you. Sorry for your loss  to YOU 

neutral: http://www.etimaden.gov.tr/en

neutral: "The devil goes about like a roaring lion

neutral: 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻

neutral: 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝

neutral: 🙏🙏🙏🙏

neutral: https://youtu.be/ZDg7CUh53ys

negative: "This is deeply troubled

neutral: "What about the northern border between U.S. and Canada?  Oh yeah

negative: A white American male killed 17 people at MSD last year. Guns are the real emergency

neutral: 😍😍😍😍😍😍

neutral: ETN Mobile Mining: (Android Only) 1 - Install App & Sign Up This One https://play.google.com/store/­appsdetails?id=com.electroneum.mobile 2 - Start Miner 3) Free Coins Code: FD9852 Minimum Withdraw: 100 etn (No deposit required

negative: How dare you use someones sorrow to promote your imaginary emergency. You have nor morals.

neutral: "Article IV

negative: You are so stupid. Please get your head out if your ass and stop being a fear monger. Show the comparison of people killed by other Americans in all of the mass shootings. Walls don't fix that..  Stupid.

neutral: 👍👏👏👏👏👏

neutral: Walls just like locks only keep the honest thieves out.

negative: Sad. But there are many more deaths from gun violence. When will you declare that a national emergency????

neutral: 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

neutral: President Donald Trump IS right. Build the wall yesterday. #MAGA ##KAG

negative: "How are you protecting us from the domestic white Terrorists?  You’re not and they kill more then immigrants

negative: Wait til one of them crazy gun toting bastards shoot your ass

negative: An American with a Bump Stock killed 58 other Americans in Las Vegas.  Would a wall have stopped THAT???

negative: That's not the point ass clown. Can't stop it all but we can protect our border as a preventative measure. Get a clue puppet

neutral: "Carl Muth in comparison to roughly 1

negative: David Proud It IS the point.  Gun Violence is a way BIGGER national emergency than illegal immigration...

negative: Harold Travis Fake News...

negative: "I'm not a puppet.  YOU'RE the puppet! David ""the goal of a national emergency is for Trump to scam the stupidest people in his base for 2 more years."" --Ann Coulter"

negative: https://www.facebook.com/jddmcl/posts/525820511244061John DearolfThis was a jarring week as Trump declared a national emergency after Congress refused to fund his wall — perhaps his most brazen authoritarian act yet. Trump’s... More

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/jddmcl/posts/525820511244061

negative: What about the thousands killed in mass murders by white American citizens

negative: Dennis J Sitko they’re our citizens and they will be punished. We don’t need criminals from other countries.

neutral: "I’ve been following the whole Build the Wall debate the best I can & I would like to voice my opinion. Why on earth would American citizens NOT want to protect their country?? I can’t figure that out. People need to set aside their feelings about President Trump & Congress & strip the debate down to what the issue is. This is keeping America safe

neutral: Who are the 116 sick F***CS  that thinks this is funny?

negative: "HELLO.......they comes here for FREE (which we pay for) perks.  Stop all the freebies and they will quit coming right away.  Charge a hefty fee for sending money to a foreign country and walla

negative: Hey mr cry-baby how about the FULL BLOOM AMERICAN CITENZEN that killed 56 people and injure 500 in las vegas..or you suffer from amnesia as usual how about that guy..😡

negative: Trump: Stop being such a ONE TRICK PONY! We have bigger problems that affect more Americans. Move on and get back to work for us. Thx

negative: "Wally you don't give a ""rats ass"" about anyone but yourself !!"

neutral: 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏

negative: How many legal citizens kill people in the United states daily?

neutral: and we have laws against it and enforce them

negative: Ron O'Hearn but where's the exaggeration and fear mongering?

negative: Americans have killed hundreds in the US Mayb you should send them back to Europe along with yourself

neutral: Thank you President Trump  for everything you do for America and the American people. You're such a great President. We are so very blessed to have you as our President.

negative: "And a few trump supporters killed kids in mass shootings. Right wing extremists groups are our number one threat right now. Stop the dog whistles and get your people in line. Day after day we keep hearing about your people harassing

negative: Too many Americans are killed in mass shootings by US Citizens!!!! We need a national emergency to ban guns!! That would be much more effective in saving lives!

negative: The reason liberals and some so called republicans are so mad is because up until now every president since Reagan has given just enough money for a small section of wall to keep enough voters happy to keep getting re-elected. The liberals don’t want the wall because it will keep their base from growing and ruin their idea of a world without borders. The republicans are afraid they are gonna upset the moderates and independents. We finally have a president that is serious about securing our country.

negative: Put troops 20 or 30 thousand on our border. You made the right move. It is a national emergency. Until the bullshit courts get a decision 100 more Americans could die. 1 was too many

negative: Will Trump share the opinion pieces by the victims of Parkland or any other mass shooting?

neutral: The name Donald Pinocchio is very beautiful. Your priority is Israel's security !! Do not lie to the American people.

negative: Permanent separation means nothing to baby killing democrats.  How can any democrat consider any of their candidates or voting democrat?  Those freebies buy a lot of votes

negative: One stole hole usa

neutral: "May Our Lord

neutral: 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢

negative: They might work built around you & yr crime fam. Let's start there and see.... QUIT USING THE TRAGEDY OF SOME FAMILIES WHILE YOU CAUSE TRAGEDY TO OTHER FAMILIES IN YOUR FOOLS GAME - #SOULESSTRUMP

neutral: 🤣🤣🤣🤣

neutral: Didn't you just sign a bill giving it all away!

negative: Why don't people just build walls around there houses and pay for it themselves. That makes more since to me. You should even get a tax break if you build a wall around your house.

negative: Did Acosta go and talk to the angel family's after his episode and nonsense questions??

negative: They are everywhere driving with no license. They have damaged two of my vehicles that I had to pay to repair. They do not even get cited and are released. I couldn't imagine losing a loved one. It is a huge problem and the cities and churches are conspiring to bring them here. Everyone pays higher insurance rates because of the damage they do. States ignore the fact that one legal person registers 100's of cars for them to drive. The corruption is disgusting. Ohio is overrun with illegals and I am sure most states are. I have few neighbors that speak English in Ohio.

neutral: Truth.... https://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/jan/23/roughly-80-of-all-voters-say-us-needs-secure-borde/?utm_campaign=shareaholic&utm_medium=facebook&utm_source=socialnetwork

neutral: www.sultan.org

neutral: "Build the wall Mr. President

neutral: It's pretty clear as to which politicians are owned by the cartel.

neutral: "MAGA

negative: Trump is right but everyone wants a different agenda which it's a bad one

neutral: ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

negative: "YOU ARE A FREAKING LIAR.. There's No wall being built.  What you are doing is lying to Republicans.  The wall you are claiming to be built is just being REPAIRED and you Mr. Trump are pulling money from various departments from govt agencies to help fund an ALREADY BUILT border wall.  NOT AN INCH OF A NEW WALL IS BUILT.  LIAR👎 LIAR👎 LIAR👎 LIAR👎.        How can contractors build a wall with no blueprint or plan. Yes

neutral: "Gabriel Anibal Toribio another one

negative: How many more young women are killed by Americans than illegals?

negative: Gabriel Anibal Toribio i saw 3 posts today of illegals killing anericans...i didnt bother tagging you..

negative: Henry Bilboa I saw about 3 or more posts of Americans killing people and sexually trafficking kids. I didn't tag you either.

neutral: Gabriel Anibal Toribio he’ll never learn 😂

negative: Kerlyn Marcelino sad...😔

negative: "The fact you politicize the death of someone’s child for your own agenda shows how disgusting you truly are.  This wall is about securing the far right votes for 2020.  You confirmed it when you said “I didn’t have to do this” as in declaring a National Emergency

neutral: SirKeenan Burgess go back where YOU belong!!

neutral: "Frank Johnson

negative: "You can't hate an entire race for one persons screw up

neutral: Kristen Scarbrough it's not just one person it's millions.

neutral: So many ears listen to the libtards. You are spot on Deb!

negative: "An American white boy killed my brother

neutral: "U K should have a referendum on becoming the next United State

negative: Quit using fear tactics to scare your base. Pathetic wreck.

neutral: "It's nice to see the compassion for those who lost loved ones. I too am sorry for your losses. But

neutral: A Trump supporter murdered a bunch of people in a Jewish temple in New Jersey too.

neutral: THE POPE LIKES HIS WALL!!!

negative: "Wow tump you use other people’s sorrows to advance the far rights agenda that you have no clue about . What about when my uncle worked on your casino and you flied for bankruptcy just so you did not have to pay him 

neutral: "Democrats and those so-called citizens who opposed the construction of a border wall will never be able to wash from their hands

neutral: Trump and the Deplorables are in the way of the New World Order.

negative: The President declared a  National Emergency then went Golfing?!? Trump is a Bad Joke - an Irresponsible Scumbag!!

neutral: A 5 billion dollar investment to save 150 billion a year Build it Use the bill passed by the democrats in 2013

neutral: BUILD THE WALL MR PRESIDENT!!!!!!! GOD BLESS YOU AND ALL YOU DO FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE

neutral: Build the wall don’t let the lefties win. Ignore the protest majority wants the wall. You made that a campaign promise and you always keep your campaign promises. You are tough and can’t be bullied . Build that wall president Trump!

negative: "You must resign immediately

negative: What a lot stupid people behind a stupid president the rest of the world is in panic

negative: Keep going Trump.   We agree with you! We will no longer appease these awful democrat traitors hell bent on destroying America.

negative: "This makes my heart cry! I’m behind building walls everywhere to keep out the gangs

neutral: Trump has done nothing but spread hate and divide this country.the big tax break was for the rich and 72% of Americans will have to pay back money. Did you know the rich don't have to pay federal taxes? The rich take care of each other.  Trump is not taking any pay for being a President because its being made up by all the extra money from his tax break. I didn't say he wasn't stupid.

negative: "So when the wall does nothing to cut the crime rate in America

negative: How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?

neutral: "Walls won’t stop where illegals are the most coming in: Canada

neutral: "Telling the dems

negative: "Guns kill many more

neutral: Just use that mfer's forehead

negative: President  should look into  3.5 billion that Newsom has breached  contract  for the fast train in ca  he shut down

neutral: "You haven't convinced the people 

negative: It is estimated that American residents kill more to immigrants.Seems you are eying Elchapos funds to build the fence hence surplus to fund your bankruptcies.

neutral: "Yea

neutral: So when is a wall going around trump tower????

negative: Build the damn wall.

neutral: How many illegals are committing all those mass shootings we hear about weekly. Aren't they just mostly citizens with guns.....duhhhhh

negative: Was this dude illegal or any of the mass shooters in the past 10 years for that matter? https://chicago.cbslocal.com/2019/02/15/5-dead-in-aurora-workplace-shooting/

negative: When I ask my self this question. About the wall. And weight out all the pros and cons. I came up with this.  I had a daughter. That was involved in. Human trafficking. She did not even know she was doing it. Because of the drugs and the influence. It had on her. She call us. And wanted to come home for a few days. I knew she was a prostitute. And it was hard to just think that some day I’m going to get a phone call. From the police. Saying your daughter is dead. In my heart. Was a broken heart. To think what she was doing. She was MIA. Then out of the blue she called. I asked her questions. How are you. When are you going to come home. She would not say nothing. Out of shame. I would begin to cry. She would say dad don’t cry. This is my choice. So I asked her this. What are you doing right now.  She told me. She was at the bus stop. To pick up some girls. From New York. I asked why. Because her pimp wanted her to. I told her. That is human trafficking. She said what’s that. And I told her. What human trafficking is. And what happens to girls. She took the girls to a safe house. And she had to stay with them until the pimps. Muscle guys. Came and took him away. She told me they were 12 to 15-year-olds. She never saw those girls again after that night when the muscleman came and took them.  If a wall just stops one of these acts and prevent someone from getting killed from drugs to me it’s worth having the wall. If they can’t come to America legally then they should not come at all does it read those their grandparents or someone they know that wanted to come to America had to either come here legally or illegally. Lives matters. And walls will save lives.

neutral: "So sorry to hear of your loss. Mandy looks like a  sweet

negative: A white person killed some ones daughter. What are we going to do about that!

negative: And the American gunman with an illegal firearm that slipped through your gun checks kills many. Where’s the outrage!  Nowhere   We want a wall to keep you out of our country

negative: So sad you had to go through this horrible pain

neutral: BUILD THE WALL Donald J. Trump

neutral: www.craigher-shop.atcraigher-shop.at

neutral: I support president trump 100 % and will be voting straight red 2020 🇺🇸️🇺🇸️🇺🇸️🇺🇸️🇺🇸️🇺🇸️🇺🇸️🇺🇸️if you don't like my post troll your azz on

negative: Bullshit Mr President Bullshit you are.  Fuckin liar but your the best we got in office. Raise the bar. And get Barr to. Prosecute crimes of those in the public trust

negative: The death and loss of of one American in this silly context cannot be excused. Build the #$@# Wall!

negative: The left is going to fight you even if  you cure cancer.

neutral: Any intelligent American agrees with the wall.

neutral: Build The Wall High And Fast President Trump. The Real American People Are With You Sir. Thank You For Saving America and Her People.

neutral: Jim Acosta and Nancy Pelosi try to ignore this. The American people hear it loud and clear.

negative: Six prior arrests. Not required to submit for fingerprints to own a gun. Only when he applied for a concealed weapon permit was his prior arrests made known. Concealed carry permit denied. Gun was never turned into authorities. One of the five people killed was a university student interning in Human Resources. Over 1200 kids killed by guns since Parkland and none of these gun murders constitutes a national emergency.

neutral: Priority as high as that dudes forehead HAHA! 🤣

negative: and yesterday a US citizen killed five people and a year ago 17....and everyday citizens are killed by guns....why aren't they as important as this girl? Why are you not asking for money to address the real concerns in the US?

neutral: "When a political Don Con

negative: "The President has a Constitutional right to protect Americans... The court and lawsuit theatrics is such a waste

negative: Tax all the money that is sent out of the country via remittance.  Just a 40% tax on that money should pay for the wall quite easily.

neutral: I have a wall around my property. Keeps out everybody.

neutral: "Trump lacks certain qualities which are appreciated by good and decent people. He has no class

neutral: "Totally and utterly 100 % backup from Denmark

negative: Sadly unless it happens to the Democrats in office they will never give credence to the pain it causes!

neutral: https://joinkgm.co/r/Morishey

neutral: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07NTDMG9V

neutral: http://www.harley-davidson.tk/?m=1

negative: "More trump Bullshit:    The Actual Facts about  'Murder and Extremism in the United States in 2018'  'ADL

neutral: Never heard or read story about that... most of it is the illegals

negative: If any sanctuary city lets someone go on bond and they are illegal and end up injuring someone or killing someone they should be held liable.

neutral: YES! Thank You Mr. President Donald J. Trump

neutral: https://youtu.be/YLVj1TCTQ3k

neutral: https://youtu.be/AIVdqAKcbwE

negative: The KKK kills people everyday.   Where's the wall

neutral: Sources?

neutral: Dwight Haddix History Books

negative: Jack Burton you are a moron.

negative: "And Americans kill each other on a daily basis

neutral: "Darrel James Be more specific? White

negative: why did you wait? you had the house and the senate... if you don't get re elected there's gonna be hell to pay! but you are off playing golf!

neutral: "David G. Geddis learn difference between control and vote control 

neutral: George E Simpkins Jr Why did he wait?... i live in the borderlands... I know what's going on here. He should have moved sooner! I'd put the Marines on the border! 2 yrs...

neutral: You lie. You couldn’t care less for Dems and you can’t help but blurt it out every day.

negative: So what about the killers here in the U.S. we will never have a safe Place without killing they're all around u WITHOUT u even knowing until they get caught up...

negative: LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! Trump is doing something worthy of impeachment. LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! 1

neutral: Its good to know that banning immigrants will stop drunk driving.   I guess MADD spent money for decades for nothing.

negative: "Are we going to deport all the white locals who kill people? Road rage

negative: How many Americans are killing other Americans with ak47s and you don’t care?

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/groups/384296842094377/permalink/508906516300075/

neutral: Lara Cobb Stubbs ❤️

neutral: Kylie Owen ❤️

neutral: "Why is it that when a Parkland Dad writes an editorial about gun control you won't post? Oh that's right

neutral: Lauren Vaden

negative: Mexican Black Tar Heroin is killing Americans. #TheTrade #Documentary #GuerreroMexico #Chiva

neutral: "I think anyone that don’t support border security or that thinks it’s just not important is no different than the problem itself

neutral: "OCCASIONAL cORTEX﻿.................................SHE SAYS THAT SINCE SHE IS ETHICALLY CORRECT( POLITICALLY CORRECT) IT IS OK THAT SHE IS FACTUALLY INCORRECT

neutral: Trump is one president and leader that truly loves our country! God Bless you every day in your work to keep us safe ! The Lord hears our prayers and you have  a lot of people praying for you.

neutral: "Can moms of children murdered by guns be called ""Angel Moms""

negative: I agree that illegal immigration is a problem.  Not enough for the wall though.  The bigger threat is all of the homegrown terrorists.  Shouldn't we focus on them first?

negative: Could it be one of the illegal immigrants working on Trump's properties???!!!... Bunch of fucking assholes#impeachthemotherfucker!#americasdumbestpresident!#fuckingmoron!

negative: Illegal immigrants have been a problem for decades.  The National Parks Service and the Border Patrol have been focused on the issue for decades.  It's time to fix this long time problem.

neutral: I want the wall built but i do not want my president to look stupid . He is after all the PRESIDENT OF the UNITED STATES OF America

negative: "Then why does DJT allow the mentally ill to purchase semi auto weapons ? Thousands are killed by US citizens. Oh right

negative: Walls don't work. If they want to deal drugs or do harm their going to find a way to do it.  That's why their called criminals.

negative: "If a president can go golfing hours after declaring a National Emergency

neutral: "Why did my taxes go up $7

neutral: So one daughter is worth more than 14 kids in Parkland?

neutral: "The wall around Obama's property works

negative: Why didn't you acknowledge the Parkland students on the anniversary of the shooting? That is a real crisis. You're full of crap.

negative: How sick Pepe are to try to make excuses for a wall

neutral: "I believe legislation would be way more effective than a wall.  If there were no benefits

neutral: "i agree except for the whipping

neutral: "Ron O'Hearn  Whipping is cheap and effective

negative: i feel bad for you...no one should ever be treated that way.

neutral: "What about all the civilians

negative: "Austin Wheeler I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat

neutral: "People please

negative: Sorry for your loss and sorry our crooked media doesn’t care enough to report the truth about this massive problem . But most of all I’m sorry our former scumbag president did nothing but rob this country and didn’t help with this issue at all . God bless

negative: """Walls don't work"" is a NON argument. Not supported by facts at all. I can bring fact after fact about walls WORKING. So enough with the manufactured bullshit talking points from the lib media."

neutral: "That estimate on what illegals cost this country appeared based on a paper by FAIR

neutral: "Such a high priority

negative: And hundreds of other children have been killed by fellow Americans so what is the real crisis here.

neutral: "While my hearts goes out to this handful of families

neutral: Build the wall! Then throw all liberal progressive socialist democrats and all Islam on the south side of it.

negative: "Only 30% of illegals get her through the border. The rest get here by over staying visas. Ask Trump what his plan is to stop that from happening. You want to stop illegals

neutral: "Absolutely they work

neutral: "How Democrats and Republicancrats are against the wall boggles my mind. Many Republicans give lip service

negative: For  your vanity wall: Sending thoughts and prayers.                            A white American male shot and killed five people and injured many law enforcement yesterday in Pence's Indiana. WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THAT??

negative: I dont care if you're against the wall. I was against Obamacare and still paid 8 years of fines. Stop your bitching and let's go

neutral: Sandy Masi

neutral: http://www.coolstuffinparis.com/le-passe-muraille.php Make the wall awesome

negative: So sad

neutral: Alexis Lavoie...

neutral: And you just had installed a USD50K golf simulator in the WH!! You are a stock of laugh

negative: Why doesn't he care about all the children killed in schools????

negative: So sad.

negative: So very sorry🙏🏻

neutral: Abolish the Democrat party and let's call  them for what they are Communist socialist party.

negative: So sorry

negative: "13  National Emergency Conditions declared by Hussain Oblama

neutral: when are people going to see that we need the wall now

negative: that sad

negative: "An American citizen who was not supposed to own a gun killed 5 innocent people yesterday in Aurora

negative: Stephen Paddock killed 58. He was born in Iowa. We must keep Iowans in Iowa.

neutral: Ruben Palomo I don't see the relevance...

negative: Troll

neutral: The Greatest President Ever. DONALD J. TRUMP.

negative: Let's see a person with a gun walks in to public and opens fire. Democrats are like ban all guns. Yet a person enters our country illegally and commits a crime. Dems are like... Give them benefits. But no dont do anything to control the problem. #speakingoutofbothsidesofyourmouth #prioritieswhatsthat

neutral: Agree

negative: the Democrats have never had a loved one murdered or rape .if they had they would have already built the wall twice.

neutral: "If that is the case

neutral: "So

negative: "This man took an oath too protect us Americans and hes trying too do this.Its not his job to fix all of the  Americans problems of health and finances

negative: Sad

neutral: Absolutely!

negative: "Illegal European immigrants killed almost all real Americans some hundred years ago. Do you all forget where you come from. That happen in a country where it is more important to learn how to shoot

neutral: Amen

negative: "Ok well how about the wall that cuts the INC for child tax credit off at 47000 be moved to 100

neutral: "Israel has a BIG BEAUTIFUL WALL around it and it obviously works. Google ""Israel barrier"" under Google images."

neutral: Thank you

negative: Want proof..haters...read the article in the USA today ..jackass!!

neutral: https://youtu.be/u9UTTh6PPIg Only one ALLAH responds to his name.

neutral: the Arizona desert is a great pastime target practice patience a night scope and a great time feed the coyotes and buzzards love Arizona

negative: "If a wall could have stopped a death

neutral: Yes

negative: "As much as I can sympathize at the loss of a daughter (mine passed away in 2013) I fail to see how one death out of over TEN THOUSAND deaths last year by drunk drivers

neutral: GO TRUMP !!

neutral: "Meanwhile

negative: "You're not gonna sell this illegal move with more of your baseless fear-mongering

negative: Democrats hate President Trump more than they want to keep Americans safe. Build the wall now.

negative: Sad day. Borders open. Amnesty. Dems destroy GOP.  NEW SURGE WILL COME. You need to step up your game... https://www.facebook.com/DMLNewsApp/videos/344302992850242/

negative: "The wall is just a distraction for Drumpf’s dwindling base. Drumpf’s 2016 campaign chairman Paul Manafort

neutral: "Peter Darling

negative: "Democrat socialists call the invasion of criminals "" manufactured"". Pelosi said Trump is delusional

neutral: Prayers

negative: TRUMP IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!! He needs to go!!! National emergency but yer playing golf!!!

negative: The democrats and republicans voting against the wall should all be charged with murder for each person killed by an illegal.  They are responsible for the deaths.

negative: Your son Junior will be very safe behind thick prison walls.

negative: Your family members are more likely to be killed by US citizens. So then should we create walls to box every person in?  Risks need to be looked at rationally.

negative: "So this illegal immigrant was arrested in 2017? Wouldn’t it have been better to focus on locking him up instead of locking up the kids in camps? I’m just a simple mind but it seems obvious that this is who should be locked up and not the children. Anyway

neutral: "Fully support Donald Trump The safety and prosperity of the United States is above all ""We need a safe wall"" The Democratic Party will pay for this wall construction project I say Democrats will have to spend money on this wall 😎😎😎  ""The United States needs security

negative: "Because a person willing to kill people is going to look at a wall and say “oops

neutral: Lee Mcclelland so we shouldn't have a wall to make it easier for them?

neutral: Build the wall Congress will never get it. Thank You President Trump for thinking of America first you got my vote in 2020 just like you did in 2016. Thanks for keeping you promise of putting America first. #MAGA

negative: USA Today is fake news as you stated in the past.

neutral: "Wall by itself isn't enough We also need to be learning fluent spanish and some dialects so we can hear trouble coming. It would be Really Nice if a clear enforcement partnership existed with the Mexican government

negative: So sorry for the loss of your daughter! Pray for Trump!

negative: So would it have been better if it was an American who killed her? I’m far more worried about a fellow American killing me than an illegal immigrant. Stop trying to highlight every murder by an illegal immigrant to push your agenda!

negative: Sad for the loss of your daughter are the loss of anyone’s child to illegal invaders. We are Americans. The president is executing his responsibilities to the constitutional the United States.

neutral: "There he goes

neutral: "Build the wall. Move on. Use “drug money” held in escrow. These drug lords are in jail

neutral: Go Trump maybe we the people need to go down together build the wall Gov support the supplies

neutral: Matt Burdeno

neutral: ??? And then?

neutral: Kiyan Michael

negative: Far more homicides committed by regular Americans.

negative: "Why do people not want to be protected? Do you allow anyone off the street into your home without first knowing who they are? Of course not. Our country is no different. Can you go to any country you choose illegally and remain there illegally

negative: Where was the illegal murderer from?  What country?  You know we grow our own criminals in this country.  We’re any of the kids killed inn school shootings?  I believe all of the shooters were born and raised in the United States.

neutral: This is why we need the wall!! Democraps don’t care about our American citizens!

neutral: Donald j trump is the least intelligent person

neutral: Alex Cusma

negative: "Democrats want open unsecured borders.  They also want no voter ID.  Democrats also know 8 in 10 legal and illegal immigrants vote for Democrats.   Democrats realized this affect in California elections...and now control that state.  Democrats cannot be trusted

negative: It’s so sad Democrat’s are so corrupt

neutral: Hop Sing

neutral: Dor Cohen sickening

neutral: Hop Sing Get them out

negative: Clause 7 Clause 7. No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.

negative: The sad situation has become a National Emergency. Please continue caring for ALL Americans as you 'Build the Wall'!

neutral: "It must be 25th amendment

neutral: Americans want the wall.

neutral: Edward Lavelle

negative: The list goes on and on. Myself and two of my coworkers have been in accidents with illegals that fled the scene of property damage accidents. No recovery in any of the accidents. Build the WALL.

neutral: Herb Nachbar

negative: "Screw the liberal obstructionist anti-American communist slime

negative: This is Fake news. I seen their faces on multiple marriage web sites. Why don't you talk about the American that just got fired from work and went back to kill multiple coworkers and himself

negative: And a citizen with a gun slaughtered 5 people and injured 5 police officers yesterday.   Again.  Which is the bigger threat you useless traitor?

negative: Scott Hunter He could have done the political correct! Put the gun to his head?

negative: Seriously how many Americans kill people what kind of a stupid reason is that

negative: "Sergio Simone  Because a convicted murder

neutral: Unfortunately the Democrats dont care about your daughter or any other Americans. They only care for our replacements.

negative: Ocasio-Cortez and New York Democrats put poor people out of work. THINK. There would have been thousands of jobs Like cleaning Restaurants Office Construction Democrats putting people into Poverty   Not helping people. Democrats hurt people

neutral: "It's interesting

negative: Notice how he was asking for 21 billion to build the entire wall but only got 1.3 billion from the democrats so he declared a national emergency allocating 8 more billion but everyone is telling him to use El Chapos 14 billion? 14+8+1.3=23.3 billion to build the entire wall. I think trump just got his money to build the wall.

neutral: MAGA.....remove a democrat from government.

negative: IF YOU KILLED AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT THE DEMS WOULD DEMONIZE U

neutral: You could write the Constitution on his forehead

negative: "Murder is murder

neutral: "Mr T you are the best thing America has produced  Build the wall

neutral: It won't change until a Democrat in Congress loses a child.

negative: Their kids are already brain dead

negative: Lots of parents children die from gun violence. So let’s eliminate all the guns!   Oh wait let me guess bad guys will still get guns? Just like bad guys will go through tunnels into our country or come here on expired visas?   But yes let’s jack up our taxes for something that won’t work.

negative: "I am very sorry and I respect everyone who has been hurt by a illegal immigrant but the killing in SandyHook

neutral: I JUST STARTED A LOVE TRUMP GROUP PLEASE JOIN SHOW SUPPORT FOR HIM TRUMP I HOPE TO GET MANY PEOPLE TO JOIN MY GROUP

neutral: We owe it to her and all the others who's lives were snuffed out by people who didn't give a dang a out our laws. Let's build that wall!

neutral: Amen.

neutral: Democrats are so full of hate for president trump they don’t care about anyone being killed.  They only care about gaining control.

neutral: "Just sent this to Kamala Harris

neutral: Sangeeta Rajapandian Casteless Praveen Jrg Sudharson Vimala Krishna Shree Suresh Viji

neutral: Jones Jebaraj there are shootouts in America by white conservative men . What will you do for that.. oh yes build more mental.institutions

neutral: Jrg Sudharson Vimala Build a wall around each such person instead? Because walls will keep us safe... I can't even quote that line without feeling like an absolute imbecile. Mr President sure has some confidence...

negative: "Also what about the countless people of colour  and other minorities who are shot at without any provocation. Such insecure Americans are the real threat. So please go ahead and build a wall. And keep us out

neutral: Jrg Sudharson Vimala they ill take care of their issues....y u guys want to intrude in some one's country....can u open ur doors for  unknown humans???

neutral: Krishna Shree hello...that's their country n they want to be protected... I think it is better if u open ur doors for them n let them live in ur home....y u shouting against US who don't want to let them in...

neutral: "Krishna Shree Jones Jebaraj country  should be protected from capitalists

neutral: Better if people who are descendants of other countries leave American just for the native people of America( The native Americans) and go to their country.  America will be peaceful.

neutral: Sangeeta Rajapandian Casteless whom do u refer??

neutral: "Jones Jebaraj The Australians

neutral: Ok u need to peace make my mother real mom

negative: you must close the loopholes in the immigration laws now.. also we must have term limits and voter i.d asap!

neutral: Trump 2020

neutral: Kim

neutral: "The statistic shows the number of mass shootings in the United States between 1982 and November 19

negative: "So sorry about your daughter

neutral: "Democrats are power hungry socialist traitors that don't care about dead American citizens.  They care about votes

negative: "If you drive on the road with no insurance and somebody wrecks into you it’s your fault because you shouldn’t be on the road without insurance in the first place 

neutral: "Donald J. Trump

negative: You are full of lies and bullshit

neutral: "It's clear

neutral: "just look at britain if you dont believe him

negative: Not everybody's going to jump on here and say their family member was killed by illegal just to get attention

neutral: Why it was built by the past Presidents?????  If that wall is not important let the Democrats to destroy it and make an open border to all !!!!!   That's what they want????  Funding to secure? / Wasting for protection?

neutral: What about the school shooters? Are they mexicans?

neutral: Craig Wahlberg

neutral: Judy Mike Hare

neutral: Chris Jensen

negative: "5 people died yesterday out of a machine gun in illinois that's the emergency Mr President assault weapons

negative: Mwangi Kanothe  Mass shootings are a drop in the bucket they just get more attention

negative: "THE BORDER WALL DOESN'T KEEP OUT CRIMINALS. Do you HONESTLY THINK the criminal stands in line

negative: This is what the demonrats call a manufactured crisis..

negative: Pathetic to use a tragedy .

negative: Fake news

neutral: Here here

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL !!!

neutral: Ask Putin he knows about walls

neutral: AMEN

neutral: AMEN!!

neutral: Getting rid of you will keep us safer than anything! 😁

neutral: Trump2020

negative: Crisis actors

neutral: Thanks.

negative: """If Trump gets any more incoherent

negative: My mom was killed in car accident by a rich kid who was white in 2002.  There are lot of people of different races who are bad.  Trump never mentions other shootings like aurora shooting.  So don't say wall is good it is bad and people crossing the border are lower than they were in 2000.

negative: "Very sad

neutral: How many maniacs have shot places up this year?

neutral: Pretty girl

neutral: For what?

neutral: Yes Absolutely

neutral: Foreheads.

negative: Many more lives have been killed by American white males in mass shootings than by illegal immigrants. If you would have declared a national emergency on the gun violence we would stand with you because that is a true national emergency.

negative: SO AWFUL

neutral: Trump BUILD THE WALL.

neutral: Yves Graux

neutral: Yes and AMEN

neutral: "President Trump wishes to protect Americans!  Democrats don't care about Americans

neutral: Yes!!!

neutral: Go Trump 👍

neutral: AGREE

neutral: "Here is a little morning history for you. Very interesting...  Thomas Jefferson His portrait is on the $2.00 Dollar Bill. This is amazing. There are two parts to this. Be sure to read the 2nd part.  Thomas Jefferson was a very remarkable man who started learning very early in life and never stopped. At 5

neutral: TRUMP 2020.

negative: "i'm tired of the hypocritical BS coming from the left. Just build the freaking wall already. get it done. it's been labeled as a crisis for 30 years

neutral: "Los  Angeles Times  03/04/2008  """"Stanford University called about Jamiel Shaw a week or so ago

neutral: BUILD IT!

negative: FAKE FUCKING NEWS

neutral: Amen...

negative: "No trump is wrong and he can not be trusted to tell the truth any longer. Thousands of Illegal immigrant's cross the boarder at our check points every week right now

neutral: Agree.

neutral: YES

negative: Ban guns.

neutral: U BETCHA

neutral: "Humpty Trumpty promised a big wall

neutral: Right

negative: Terrible

neutral: https://youtu.be/OYcpiokCRHo REVERSE WORLD MAP. BECAUSE: ROUND.

neutral: So do guns

neutral: Trump 2020!

neutral: Shared

negative: SO SORRY.

neutral: I'm with Trump

neutral: Michaelsummers

neutral: So sorry about your Daughter and your son. Prayers to you both  🙏 Yes we need a wall. President Trump promised a wall and he will deliver the American people just that. President Trump will protect our Country and it's Citizens. ❤️🇺🇸

neutral: An American murdered 5 people in a bank and another one murdered more today and yesterday too.

neutral: Francisco Jesús Guerrero Ibáñez

neutral: Laura-Renee Mendoza

neutral: You bet.

neutral: Congrat!

neutral: FYI!

negative: Should we deport all white people to Europe then?  Almost every single mass murderer is White.  Huh?

negative: Hey dude. You suck.

negative: Idiotic.

negative: So sad .

neutral: Absolutely

neutral: MAGA

negative: So sorry!

negative: Damn right!

negative: I'm so sorry! :(

neutral: YES INDEED WE DO

negative: How tragic.

negative: Stop killings.

neutral: A+

neutral: LEGALIZE CANNABIS! ! ! THX

neutral: Fully agree.

neutral: Wall

negative: I just don't understand the Democrats and their coldness to these families who have lost loved ones to illegals.   I'm so sorry for all the losses and pray President Trump will get the wall built and our borders protected the way they should be protected.

negative: So sorry.

neutral: That’s right

neutral: YES !

neutral: "Agree

negative: No wall!

negative: Resign

neutral: First safety

neutral: What we lock our house

neutral: Because safety it's  comment sence why we make our border wall

neutral: Need To Impeach

neutral: Aden😂

neutral: Get um all out!

neutral: Absolutely.

neutral: Exactly president you must stand to build the wall you need to protect the innocent american victime by the crimina illigal allien from othet countries pouring in here in the usa

neutral: *are*

neutral: Amen. To that

neutral: C

neutral: Do not talk. Do it!

neutral: I agree!! 🤩

neutral: How sad. Bless you.

neutral: Go golf

neutral: Yes Sir!!

neutral: Amen 🙏

negative: Cheating betraying manipulating Gaslighting assholes

neutral: absolutely.

neutral: Safer

negative: All in all just another prick and his wall

neutral: For sure

neutral: God Bless.

negative: fake news

neutral: WALL!

neutral: PRES. DONALD TRUMP

neutral: AGREED

neutral: TRUMP 2020 🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸

neutral: Correct

negative: If families or mothers are called angel families & angel mothers of those killed by illegal aliens. What are the parents/families/mothers of those killed by American citizens referred to as? If ICE & Border patrol would do their jobs & if American citizens would stop using drugs & if companies would stop hiring illegals (like Trump) we wouldn’t have a problem. Five year olds killed at Sandy Hook & Vegas concert massacre & Parkland. What are these families called? SOL???

neutral: Paid writer

neutral: Cult of trumpy

neutral: Yes we must!

negative: Bullshit

negative: Oh 😔 sad

negative: ttps://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2019/02/12/francillon-pierre-cold-case-mom-amy-fleming-arrested-after-30-years/2849712002

neutral: Compile a list of people who would be STILL ALIVE today and send it to the court 9th and way they want to start  killing baby’s     Dam  wat these blood thirsty  dem up to . I see a great March coming

neutral: I agree

neutral: BS!

neutral: Yea but the left says the don’t walk across border anymore. Apparently they take planes now.... smdh

neutral: Lying POS.

neutral: Other demo.

neutral: Danny Hernandez

neutral: Good pick

neutral: "Wow

neutral: Absolutly

neutral: Steel Slats

negative: I hate this argument.  Don't get me wrong - America should get her beautiful southern border wall...  But this argument is entirely emotional - there is no rationality to it whatsoever...  Then again people are emotional beings - this kind of message may be an essential part of a rhetorical arsenal.... but I still hate it...

neutral: FINE SIR

neutral: Oh Lord😂

neutral: great leader

neutral: I agree.

negative: So very sad! 😢🙏🏻

neutral: MAGA WALL

neutral: yes

neutral: All Lies

negative: Talk about cherry picking. This happened on the day of the declared “national emergency”. Shame that this has so become the norm huh? Guess you guys would be disgusted if an illegal did it? But of course you’re not because this is usually committed by..................🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️ https://abc7chicago.com/amp/aurora-shooting-victims-identified-in-shooting-at-henry-pratt-company;-gunman-also-dead/5141841/

negative: Bullshit.

negative: Wrong

negative: "Ina Maitland no the wall is not wrong . We have children dying every few minutes from drugs brought in why cant you people open your eyes. Most people have wall and fences around there home for safety . What in the

neutral: Amen!!!!! 🙏🏻❤️🇺🇸

neutral: Very well say

negative: How sad

neutral: Yeaaaa

neutral: "The CR bill you signed that was full of pork

neutral: Khaled Yehia Leonardo D. Rainmore

neutral: Why doesn't he report on the whites mass shooters?

negative: Liar

negative: Resign!

negative: heartbreaking

neutral: Stay strong! 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲

neutral: Trump.

neutral: Photoshop

neutral: Praying

neutral: I know!🇺🇸👰👑

neutral: Thank you!

neutral: STFU Donny

neutral: Build it

neutral: Absolutely....

neutral: Exactly sir

neutral: What about the “illegal immigrant” that shot all those people yesterday and ... oh ... this is awkward.  Fun fact: you are far more likely to be murdered by a Trump supporter than by an undocumented immigrant.

neutral: Trump 🤝👍👍👍👍

neutral: Good Weekend 🌄👍😊

neutral: Indeed!

negative: So mr. Krabs you can't make money off everything through contracts and contractors that build the wall after your fake presidencies up .

neutral: Lmfao.

neutral: Go trump

negative: No TAXIZZZ

negative: "This is so sad.  I watched yesterday as President Trump pointed out the Angel Mom's to the people that were there and the fake media.  I did not see many of the media looking at these mother's.  Sat there looking at their phones

neutral: Nice

neutral: "Still

neutral: "Eddy Coulson

neutral: Yep

neutral: "Dan

negative: A legal citizen killed my nephew with a gun. We must get rid of all guns! Right?

neutral: Keep wall up

neutral: Heart breaking. 😢❤❤❤

neutral: MAGA!

neutral: And what chuck and Nancy and the rest of the democrats don’t want to hear this ? Build that wall we are with you president trump

neutral: Maga

neutral: Amen!!!!

neutral: Yes I agree

neutral: Build It!!!

neutral: Bbuild now

neutral: Sheep

neutral: Oh dear

neutral: "Trump I appreciate your efforts and you are not pts""DISORDERED"" for being reputationally assaulted! It's pts INJURY CAUSED BY TERRORISTS AND JUSTICE CURES IT"

neutral: Terry Smith amen brother

neutral: Yes!

neutral: "Oh... so now we are putting Diabetics insulin use ABOVE the LIVES of American Citizens???????  “Apples and Oranges” people... TWO SEPARATE ISSUES... and definitely an invalid argument.  diabetics have health insurance

negative: "LIAR!  LIAR!  Over 20

negative: Propaganda

neutral: Build it!

negative: Sad.

negative: So   Sorry

neutral: Go Donald!!!

neutral: Impeach.

neutral: Get it Mr. Trump

neutral: Lies...... Lies...... Lies...........

neutral: YES.

neutral: Wow

negative: Stop

neutral: Alan Morquecho

negative: Americans kill Americans all the time. Hell I bet the damn police kill more innocent people than any so called “undocumented immigrants”

neutral: bunkum.

neutral: AMEN !!

negative: So sorry 😐

negative: A Christian man killed many people. Let’s deport the Cristians!

neutral: Ib

neutral: "And sadder yet

negative: Mike Gruenfeld Oh go cry in your koolaid somewhere else.

neutral: Simone Piloni

neutral: Alberto Venditti certo..

neutral: Don Rosenbaum

neutral: TRAITOR

neutral: It needs done

neutral: David Simmons

neutral: Dale Montri

neutral: Joe Hernandez

neutral: Marlin J Reid

neutral: Wall now

neutral: Exactly 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡

neutral: Go trump 🇺🇸

neutral: Whatever

neutral: Yay!

neutral: Nicole Richardson

neutral: Trump2020!

neutral: *********** piece

negative: You shouldn’t have signed the bill!!  We need a wall and the emergency declaration will be challenged and it will never get done.

neutral: hi

neutral: Hey Dude.....Rebuild America's Middle Class......You're The Smartest Man that's Ever Lived......You Can Do It......!! You're a Big Boy.....!!!

neutral: Have you not seen the economic numbers bro? The middle class and every facet of America is improving.

negative: I don't pay much attention to Numbers.....I talk to People and Look at the way people are Living.....

neutral: Chris Halliday maybe you need to look at and speak to different people.

neutral: I like that

neutral: God bless

neutral: The.  Wooll to be. Doun

neutral: "They are all about if getting rid of all guns saves one life

neutral: Cert

negative: If you want the wall pitch in your money to pay for it. Kind of a socialist thing to demand we pay for a wall the majority don’t want or need.

neutral: Matt Justice

negative: Brian Sterling a ridiculous number of Catholic priests have raped children.  We should rid the US of all Catholics.

negative: Matt Justice so are those crimes equal in your eyes? Clearly we have our own issues but don’t need to import more.  It would doubly bad if they weren’t supposed to be here and raped.

neutral: Brian Sterling many if’s there jefe

negative: Matt Justice point is obviously there are bad people but we don’t need another countries bad people.

neutral: Thais esses comments sao legendary low key

neutral: Fernando Haberfeld ridículo!!!!!

neutral: 100% truth

neutral: trump!! great man

negative: "Why do you not care about the thousands of Americans dying at other American hands? You are still 1000's of times more likely to get killed or assaulted by a US citizen

negative: Politicians against the wall will not be safe in this country because we are getting very sick & tired of their BS real fast!

neutral: Build that wall. MAGA

neutral: like safe

neutral: YES!!!

neutral: Priorities

negative: "Does this mean that when a man from la kills a man in Arizona

neutral: I support Trump because I support justice

negative: Must protect lame omelet bar!!!  https://apple.news/AIWuX-87OR7O9vdXaU2Sqsw

neutral: Lie

neutral: Shaun Davis Kirk Davis

neutral: Yeah... There are millions of people in the country. This is anecdotal

negative: It's literally a fact that native born people are more likely to be violent than illegals. Again I'm not for allowing a free flow of illegals. Just the statistics

neutral: Good

neutral: Beverly Rothgeb

neutral: Daniel Hallgarth Renee Nicole

negative: "The democrats and whosoever wanna have humanity and pity for these illegal immigrants please post your Name

neutral: I with Trump

neutral: Trump for 2020 😍😍

neutral: Yes and yes

neutral: Yes it will

negative: A white legal American killed my family member.. let's stop that 1st.

neutral: Jan Lynn Simpson  Prioritize all you want .  Build that wall . Then build more of that wall . We just can't get to much wall .

neutral: There ya go

negative: No.

neutral: Erik Rouleau

neutral: Bill Snyder

negative: FAKE STORY ALERTS⛔ I jus don't believe there is truth in a lot of these stories with fake pages.  I think some of y'all jus giving fake testimonies to help campaign for TRUMP and trying to see who can come up with the best sob stories.  Republicans geeeesh!!!!

negative: The Gov Kills Millions of Americans a day

negative: what about the kids that were killed by americans during mass shootings?

neutral: Trump is a fear-mongoner.  Unite US - what a joke

neutral: GOOD  MAN.

neutral: Agreed

neutral: Copy pasta

neutral: From  U yes!

negative: So sad 😥

neutral: "Yet nothing about the 30

negative: "Matt Martine but criminal's dont care about gun laws they go around them but all these gun laws hurt law abiding people guns dont kill people

neutral: Brandyn Sutherland then take away the guns

negative: People who speak against the  wall have never had  a child dying in their arms from a herion over dose

neutral: Beth Marie

negative: Curtis Treat that’s terrible!!

neutral: "For more than a century

neutral: "Link Lindquist this post is not about immigrants

negative: Statistics show that both legal & illegal immigrants commit less crimes than native born Americans.

neutral: Melissa Corrente. Yoohoo

neutral: "Mark Bourassa 40

neutral: Melissa Corrente face the facts

neutral: Shayna Franzetti

neutral: These people... 🤦🏽‍♀️

negative: https://www.kob.com/investigative-news/large-groups-of-migrants-continue-to-illegally-cross-border-into-nms-bootheel/5245796/?cat=12387-for you Patrick P. Huneault-NBC4 albuquerque. I lived there for 40 years. Build the wall.

neutral: Will Murray

neutral: Stefan Beukman

neutral: Angel Riojas

neutral: AMEN!  RIP.

neutral: God family guns & Trump  Order Tshirt here : https://viralstyle.com/laivanhoa01121991/god-family-guns-and-trump

neutral: Exactly

neutral: MAGA!!!!

neutral: Walls work.

negative: Fake News

neutral: "As Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces

neutral: Matt McNamee Nic Harcus

neutral: And what good will it do when they are stealing elections and plotting our nations downfall? We have less than two years and you have already lost much support because the real pedophiles are still in office or enjoying retirement. Let's not even get started on interventionism and helping globalists seat their puppet in Venezuela or B. Barr.

neutral: Luis Zepeda-Hernandez

negative: Sorry

neutral: And of the 5 Americans gunned down yesterday..?

neutral: "In 2017

neutral: Kris Kline Give sources..

negative: Sue Howie what does one thing have to do with another? We can do better about making sure our gun laws are followed and at the same time build the wall make sure our immigration laws are followed.

negative: "You distort the risks as you exploit personal tragedy

negative: So what's the problem completing the border wall? Most if not all of us have some walls around our homes. If they are not complete then anyone can get into our backyard and break in right? It's really common sense folks. It's not we are wasting 5.75 Billion but just enough to finish building the border walls.

negative: White people kill folks all the damn time.  That’s your crisis. Stricter gun laws

neutral: Ughhhhhhh

neutral: Janet Woemmel-Spicer

negative: In Germany dies people about illegal immigrants too.

negative: I'd call millions of illegals here over the years a fucking crisis.wouldnt you.

neutral: And what about the settlements of Muslims who won’t assimilate and are anti Semitic and now voted into congress? Stop chain migration and mass entry through legal means!

neutral: Walls work 100%

neutral: "Some activist judge is supposed to tell The president of the United States what an emergency is. Where is the worthless supreme court to take this matter up directly.  Considering the fact that you have four activist liberal hand puppets on the Supreme Court for the leftist

neutral: Jeff you need to put down the bottle of Muscato

neutral: "Trump and his friends believe in voter suppression and billionaires buying elections. We want Automatic voter registration

negative: Not to minimize what this poor father experienced.  What are you doing about the real emergency of thousands of children being murdered by guns every year? Can’t wait until we get a real president again.

negative: "This man's story is tragic.  But securing our borders

neutral: Jeanne Lumadue excellent comparison

negative: "Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep. Woe unto you

negative: How about the drugs that are made here in the United states that are killing people

neutral: YES!!!!!!!!!!!!

negative: "Remember the Democrats talking point. It's only a few Americans that get killed 

neutral: Thanks you trump for the wall and safety of the American people.

neutral: "“The foreigner residing among you must be treated as your native-born. Love them as yourself

negative: Guns kill far more than illegals.

neutral: Build the wall out of their foreheads

negative: "Kimberly Danik We need to move on...Obummer did his dirty work

negative: "Photo of the victims of the Oklahoma Bomber

neutral: https://scfop3.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/bf877da9cc2bde14d3f4f10e4d2e038f.jpg

negative: "Tell that to the victims families of yesterday's mass shooting

negative: A yt male killed my son

negative: why are you playing golf right now? get to work lazy fool

negative: "He lost his home but he paid his worker and his venders because he was old school .  He told to file for bankruptcy too but his love for country and family did not let him do that . Now he is a broken man just because he believed in you . Are country is head in the same direction AMERICA awake up 

neutral: "GOD İS NOT HUMAN. How does he become a child ? Who created Mary. you don't think !!!      Kuran CHAPTER 5 maide versesبِ116 And Allah will say

neutral: What about the school kids who slaughtered in school every year by Americans?

neutral: we know we need it...that's why we voted for you...be the dictator they think you are and get it done and then step down..you're the only one who cares about us

negative: Walls can easily be overcome. Very stupid. Dig under. Use a ladder and go over it.  It’s just so stupid.

neutral: The guy who massacred FIVE people in Illinois yesterday was not an undocumented immigrant.

neutral: Mary Zaggy so??? Did anyone say he was?

negative: And what are you going to do to protect American families from getting shot by a crazy American gun lover?

neutral: "****""Simply What I See From These We MUST COMPLETE THE WALL....!!!! :) "" ****  ****""May The Triple Gems Bless You All....!!!! :) "" ****  ****""Our Jesus Bless You All....!!!! :) "" ****"

negative: More people in the US die at the hands of American citizens. Protect that !

negative: "39 mass shootings this year (4 or more people shot) none by illegal immigrants

negative: "All this stuff is really sad. But a wall isnt the solution. This is a propaganda tactic. He's trying to elicit an emotional response from people

negative: "White supremacist and other far-right extremist groups have killed 51 police officers since 1990

neutral: "All of us who support you will support you again in 2020 and all of us are for the wall

negative: NOT WHEN SOME OF PEOPLE'S That is already here in the u s a  then all they doing is bringing in a hellve lot more here just like the Mexican PEOPLE'S who came over by one of the Mexican gril that was seen on ((Monday)( and she was with a white man then she was muder by a black man )) and why was she killed ? And Why do woman's go have naked  don't they know that they asking for anything can happen too them !!! And on Monday she was with another girl and what had happened to the other one then this one was posted on Facebook

neutral: "If you don't value human life

negative: Don’t use other peoples grief to push your personal agenda. Your own administration admitted the wall was not where the problem was. The border patrol themselves said the wall isn’t the problem. Get your head out of your ass and address the actual problem. THE PORTS OF ENTRY. Every government body involved in the border knows it.

negative: "I bet you if you look hard enough

negative: How about posting the pics of everyone killed by GUN violence!?!

negative: 6 people died in a shooting yesterday

neutral: "I’d feel a whole lot safer if trump was behind a wall... preferably outside the White House

neutral: To keep Americans that are inside the womb safe we must complete the PP wall.

neutral: "It won't hurt to do the wall that's for sure 

neutral: "I think the American people have a generous instinct. They understand that we're a nation of immigrants. But if those folks are going to live in this country

negative: HOPE YOU DUMB AND DUMBER ASS WHOLE READ THIS STORY

negative: Nazi's used propaganda like that to condemn the Jews.

neutral: Cherry picked outlier data is not a great basis for running a government.

negative: Tom Barker so pointing out the truth hurts?

neutral: "Don't know

negative: Tom Barker not enforcing our immigration law is no way to run a country.

negative: My buddy was killed by a man who turned out to be of Jewish descent. I dunno what I should support...

neutral: And how many illegals would you want in your house without your permission?!

negative: """If Americans who Hire harbor or give welfare to illegals were imprisoned for 5 years you would not need a wall or even a fence""﻿"

negative: Still trying to convince people of your wrong doing.... your perspective is scewed

neutral: Rafael Garcia Hector David Murguia Gastelum

negative: Seriously? What abt all of these deaths? Or are you only concerned abt crimes committed by @certain people” or races you don’t like? https://www.gunviolencearchive.org/reports/number-of-gun-deaths?page=2&sort=desc&order=State

negative: "Can I asked how they were an illegal resident?? Did they over stayed their vacation visa like majority of the illegal immigrants? Did they travel over by planes or cross over at the port of entry with a granted visa to only visit and return after their purpose? If so

negative: Chris Wren. Aguilera Samuel can you really ignore this?

neutral: Sheikh F Shahel ?

negative: Wealthy people have walls around their mansions ~ of course walls work. There would be no angel moms if we had a border wall because illegals could not get in the USA to kill Americans. #BuildTheWallNow!

neutral: Saschas Page

neutral: Steven Chen

neutral: I support the wall and the great things this man is accomplishing. In the public eye and outside the public eyes. Your a true patriot Mr. President! And America needs you!

neutral: "You would do the whole world a favor

negative: very sad

neutral: Amen to that

neutral: Thru...

neutral: What would u do

neutral: Mathieu Gouman BUILD THE WALL

negative: Pat are you retarded invite them to your house I dare you

neutral: Mean while Cuomo is paying for illegals with our tax dollars! When will you people wake up already get these cronies out!

neutral: Nancy Pelosi says the wall is immoral so your daughter doesn't matter to her....

negative: Bullshit as usual the wall will definitely not work waste of money

negative: Trump is right the left is wrong

negative: "Yes sir! You are only doing your job for which the liberals are persecuting you! Never in my life in my 71 years in my country have I seen such hatred

negative: You should not have signed the Omnibus Bill that you just signed!  What were you thinking; this only made our battle worse and gave more rights to illegals.  Not happy with you Trump.  The wall is only one part of border security.

neutral: Tomek Jasinski built that wall!!!

neutral: Ryan Lawes Cameron Oviatt “yeah murica pew pew 🔫🇺🇸🔫🇺🇸”

neutral: One of the smartest leaders in history besides Kim Jong Un

neutral: "Of course

neutral: "The BIBLE is PrezTrump's favorite book-- Luk 6:30  Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.  Luk 6:31  And as ye would that men should do to you

neutral: Take a good look at that. It's not just extreme christian humility. It's a world paradigm of caring and sharing.

neutral: Time to share what our LAW ENFORCEMENT already knows... This is a map of the USA .... Where do you live? your loved ones? .. WE NEED TO SHARE THIS INFO..... THIS IS MORE THAN JUST AN EMERGENCY FOLKS ... we need more than just the border wall .. https://blogs-images.forbes.com/doliaestevez/files/2015/11/DEA-Map-1-1200x958.jpg

neutral: "Trump's main point of being elected and if elected by the people of United States of America was to build a wall… he got elected

neutral: "Is that why you signed the bill that doubled the H1 visas and advocated for the highest level of legal immigration

negative: Some people are just too freaking stupid to get it. Build build build!

negative: Build the wall Tell Nancy to suck a bag of onions

negative: "What happened to E-verify? That is the one issue that would fix most of the problems.  I want a wall

neutral: "Terry G. Taylor That would be a great step in the right direction.  Also

negative: Terry G. Taylor if you are an American you will be chosen for the job after they have filled their illegal obligations.  They past really does repeat itself

neutral: Get rid of the white male gun toting Christians and we’ll all be much safer.

negative: "Dave David Let's get rid of every brain dead liberal

neutral: I’d be happy to respond Debi but you are a coward and blocked me so I don’t know what you said.

neutral: You all remind me of going to a dog park. All sniffing each other’s butts.

negative: I'm so sorry to all who have lost a family member because of an illegal!!  We need the WALL!!!

neutral: "HERE ARE THE NUMBERS WE NEED TO UNDERSTAND: ▪️Yale University released a study (October of 2018) by three researchers

negative: "Sad an all

negative: "SINCE WHEN IS KEEPING AMERICANS SAFE FROM CRIME

neutral: Hi

negative: "#POTUS 45 💜 ITS YOUR MAIN DUTY! SWORN.! I WAS AFFECTED. BADLY BY ILLEGALS BUT I DID NOT DIE... OUT OF RESPECT FOR THE FAMILIES OF THOSE THAT PERISHED I WILL NOT LAMENT ABOUT MY INJURIES. HOWEVER

negative: Do their lives matter more than the multiple children killed each year in mass school shootings?

negative: Piper Tunno the shooters are either dead or in prison.  We have criminal citizens who are punished. We don’t need to add illegal criminals from other countries to the ones we already have.

neutral: Thank you Mr. President! You’re doing the right thing! America has your back.

negative: "The border crisis has been going on for years and the liberal can has been kicked down the road for too many miles..  it is time to put up a wall

neutral: A American citizen killed my brother so how good is your wall when they are killer in America also

negative: It seems to be your only priority.  Hate won’t bring them back. Guns in the hands of Americans kill more people than undocumented immigrants. That is our national emergency.

negative: "One angel family does not a crisis make!!!!  Trump declares national emergency...  “Nobody’s done the job that we’ve done on the border

neutral: It's not about a wall! It's all about the voting booth! We have a RIGHT to have voter I'D!  Now let's talk collusion & meddling in an election!  TRUMP MAGA 2020++++++++

negative: "Only a coward will use those unfortunately events for a political game

negative: 85% of kids killed by guns in the world die here in the USA. But that's no crisis...

neutral: "President Trump 20172025 As you said in your SOTU speech

negative: Sorry. Mr. President. You shouldn’t sign the bill and accepted what the democrats wanted on immigration. U can’t trust dems. Now It’s going to get worse the southern border problems

neutral: "Sueli Rossi  - you can't trust the Dems

neutral: Symone Nelson-McKnight read the comments

neutral: God bless you Mr.president.God bless you United states of America.

negative: "Can’t believe how stupid he thinks we are! Some of us are capable of reading information from multiple sources

negative: SUCH BULLSHIT. Nothing to do with a damn wall.

negative: There is no such thing as an illegal immigrant!! They are either an immigrant  !!! Or illegal Allen!!!! An immigrant is someone that has papers work Visa or the American government is aware they are here.  An illegal is someone that jumped the border and is hiding breaking the law.

negative: "So. If a citizen killed your daughter?  She'd be ""less dead""? Grow the fuk

neutral: TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP

neutral: "Border security

neutral: Luke Tierney WALL!!

neutral: "Statistics don’t bear out this story. Anecdotal evidence is not statistics. You can cherry pick stories

neutral: Lark Jarvis you must think you have a lot more knowledge than the men who work for border patrol and deal with situations at the border every day. They do think a wall will help.  I think a lot of people like you just don’t want it to help.

negative: Sorry for your loss however government statistics show more people are killed by the general population than by undocumented immigrants

neutral: "Patty Bertocchini La Puma that only stands to reason because US citizens outnumber ILLEGALS like 20 -1 but let's not ignore the fact that they dont belong here and are a drain on taxpayers

negative: "THE TRUE COST: See the Tragic List of Americans Killed by Illegal Aliens at a New Online Memorial.  Liberal media

negative: A lot of Americans are killed by guns.  Should we ban guns?

negative: Dovid Staples They do want to ban mental problem people from having guns.

negative: Don't forget the millions of displaced American workers due to the foreigner invasion.

negative: "Walls are stupid

neutral: "Philip Mueller

neutral: AMEN.USMC. build the wall mr. Trump we don't want the old legal c r we don't want the human trafficking of young girls we don't want all the drugs in our country that we don't want all the drugs in our country that are walls keep out the cartel 2 the drug cartel

neutral: "You yourself said

negative: A car accident killed my granddad. May as well ban cars. See how fucking stupid your logic is?

neutral: mendoza out of the country

negative: How about a news feed where anyone who lost a loved one or had any criminal activity against them by an illegal start posting ...   we need a long run of reports to convince the everyday Americans!

negative: "The enemy is within our own country and in government - President Trump they hate you because you are putting the American citizens first

negative: Illegal immigrants are not trying to cross the border.  Migrants are.

neutral: Charlesetta Brown dumbest comment today

neutral: "Laurel Balinski

neutral: "Well Mr. President

neutral: Shady Ghaly  how about not claiming 7 next year.... I bet it will work out....

negative: Claiming 7 ??. You have no idea what you are talking about

neutral: Shady Ghaly you must live in a state that has really high taxes.

neutral: California

neutral: Correction:. Protection for American WHITE CHRISTIAN RICH families are your priority.

neutral: As for Mexuco not paying it...oh they will.Now they have to take care of the people that live there because they cant get here.The funny thing is they didnt want the caravans going thru either and lol the people in Mexico were protesting the fact they were invaded.Aint that a kicker

neutral: "Imagine if there was not a wall! What would happen? Probably

negative: My heart goes to the man but big fucken shame on you for politicising someone's loved one's death to gain support for you're stupid ass wall

neutral: Leon Gerards Held

neutral: Proud of our president he has been the one in only president who has made us promise's and has being true us the people of the United State's he has fault hard to get his promise's done and work's so hard around twenty hour's a day and is not except no pay for his hard work and you show me another president that would do this he is a caring person and he Love's the people of American if he wasn't then he would not try to help us and this is for our protection and to keep all the people that don't care if we live or die and how may president who has took and raised so much money and help our Veterans that has been looked over for many of year's now and they was left with out a home to live in and not the right medical treatment and our men and women in uniforms were over looked also and would let the Illegal come in the United State's and have more then us the people of the United State's would ever be able to get and me live here they should not be able to come over here and get the best of living and get to live in our houses when we have so many homeless people who live here and get no help when they can walk right in or country and have first choice on any thing we got it is pass the time we put a stop to it our people that live here and belong's here should have the choice over the people that don't belong here and they pay them to come over and live here for free and take away from us the American we have more people live's here now then need's to be here.i am proud of our president and I stand up for him and we pray for him daily and we pray for protection of our president and Vice President and all the family's who work in the White House along our president .

negative: Ted Bundy was convicted of killing 36 women. And he did so by going state to state and escaping from prison a few times. We should have border walls on state line.

neutral: YES THEY COME HERE BUY CARS AND DRIVE WITH OUT LICENSE MANY THINK AGAIN OUR PRESIDENT DONALD  TRUMP IS TRYING TO PROTECT OUR LIVES HE IS FIGHT AGAINST TERRORIST AND IN LEGAL PEOPLE ISIS AGAINST DRUG SMUGGLING INLEGALS I VOTED FOR TRUMP WILL AGAIN IF I AM STILL ON EARTH LIFE IS SO SHORT TRUMP HAS DONE MORE GOOD  THAN ANY OTHER PRESIDENT    HAS SINCE KENNEDY

neutral: I guess it’s up to you mr president   Keeping Americans save  way the dems are slicing baby’s throats it no wonder their position on the border

neutral: It’s funny how they shut up about Virginia

neutral: I need a remedy

neutral: Why Adrian Vargas

negative: Isaiah Patch fake

neutral: Go tell her parents that Adrian Vargas

negative: How many shootings are done by American citizens yet you haven't passed many come sense gun laws!

negative: James Campbell how many die because of a car ?why arent you screaming about banning cars .more gun laws isnt going to stop it .

negative: You’re a garbage person.

neutral: DJ Trump and MC Pence!

neutral: "Democrats want open borders

negative: You only want a wall for your own selfishness

neutral: "Legal citizens are shooting up schools

negative: Sorry for your lost but the wall may not keep safe you and your family if you are at wrong time on the wrong place! Don’t live your home ever!

neutral: "I don’t care what the Left says you

neutral: Some of the points on here are good ones. But the big point that some don't want to see. If we was not spending billions and billions a year on illegals. That would be money that could be used to help people with medical issues. Help vets. Help the homeless. We are spending billions a year on people who have not brought so much as a soda pop In this country. As for the water in Michigan. It was a problem long before trump was elected. If the voters in Michigan would quit voting the same people in that got them in this mess. Just maybe things would get fixed. Your water problems are controlled by your local government not the president.

neutral: "How much are the cartels

negative: An American killed 5 people yesterday. Where’s your outrage? 🤔

negative: Sorry to hear... if the wall is already built and we have illegal immigrants inside of the country that is not the biggest problem because it is easy to find here inside the country and easy to deport...

negative: A white guy killed over 50 people watching a concert in Vegas...what’s being done about that other than “my thoughts and prayers”....

negative: I got no wall around my home and we leave the key 🔑 in the door 🚪. We’ve never had a break-in and there are no guns - Amazingly in Ireland 🇮🇪 we have little or no guns and no one carries !  Other then with a few Gangs with illegal Guns - who normally only shoot one another - we don’t fear people - or people with GUNS - because there are very seldom seen in #Ireland - no need for WALLS either ????

negative: DONT WORRY OF MEXICO 🇲🇽 WORRY FROM BELIZE 🇧🇿 TO THE BOTTOM MÉXICO 🇲🇽 IS TRANSFORMING & IS NOT SOCIALIST

negative: LOL he is guaranteeing a wall will stop people from killing lol.  Now I've heard it all.  That is like saying more gun laws will stop people from killing.

negative: "Fucking liar! You are using the personal tradgity of others for political gain. That is all you are doing. There have been thousands of Americans and continue to be every day who are gunned down before their lives ever begin and you speak out when on that? Never!  Again

neutral: Those People are adsholes theynruined.my Life and took Advantage of my Young mind to damage me and anihilate all my chances for a normal Life and normal trajectory

negative: A legal citizen kills people everyday.   What idiots

neutral: "And they have consequences.  They do get deported so they can come right back and do it again.  Maybe if we took care of Americans and focused on mental health

negative: "45 is a sick psycho who is a malignant narcissist

negative: "#why do those who die without lslam enter fire? #Because he did not worship God who created him# #Is justice that God punished Jesus in order to forgive us our sins? #If Jesus is God how he struck

negative: Waste of a life... how many more die while Dems debate... blood on their hands

negative: deplorable TrumpTurds > Ann Coulter: Trump Trying 'To Scam The Stupidest People In His Base

neutral: "You would want people to knock on your door

negative: However the crime rate is lower by illegal immigrants than by legal citizens.

negative: How will you continue to blame immigrants for everything after the wall?

negative: "I am so sorry for your loss

negative: America is truly a fucked up place. Thousands of Americans are shot by other Americans. You do nothing about gun control but are happy to spend millions to keep a handful of criminals out rather than deal with the ones you’ve already got.

neutral: Karl Hesford go to Chicago if you want the safty of gun control  !

negative: Karl Hesford cars kill people you want car control also. Thousands of babies are killed daily and you probably support that.

neutral: Lyle Geyer What is ‘safty’?

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL then throw  all the democrats over it !

neutral: Dan Burnzinsky Thought them over it! Mind bullets!

negative: Dan Burnzinsky *throw 😂😂 dumb ass 😂😂

neutral: Anthony Clark lol

neutral: Throw........ MS. Nope already got trump getting dump over the wall and let the Spanish and cartel take care of him. Then.... Tear the wall down

neutral: Dan Burnzinsky...Thought???...🤔🤔🤔...Did you mean THROW???...🤷🏼‍♂️🤦‍♂️

neutral: mARXIST cOMMUNIST LEFT =jEWIISH INTERESTS

neutral: Build the wall Build the wall Build the wall

negative: You will have to start reading those bills yourself ....and you should have already noticed that ...you are surrounded by traitors who fear nothing because they have always gotten away with their crimes....and it seems you will do nothing about them as well....

neutral: Only COWARDS Veterans Supplemental Support Network use military signal device to overheat citizens phones like the ones at 1218 & 1086 Goa Way Road Hedgesville WV 25427

neutral: BUILD THAT WALL!

negative: Everyone is warning that the Democrats will use national emergency in the future! BIG HAIRY DEAL!  When have the democrats ABIDED BY THE CONSTITUTION in the last 12 years? NEVER!  BUILD THE WALL!

neutral: "They have bought up an rented all the houses in every city and small town. The blacks an whites are out numbered

negative: "Don't worry you will do it to yourselves what's been done by immigrants

neutral: "I support securing our border and strongly enforcing immigration laws. An undocumented immigrant does not have the legal right to be in this country

negative: "The biggest problem in America is NOT illegal immigrants

neutral: The Democrat Party has every sociopath in the world trying to take a swing at a us.

neutral: Do you want a wall? Boarder Protection? You got it for all your life savings with 10 easy payments  including shipping and handling.

neutral: "Protection of American families

neutral: So sorry for your loss Sir.  May she RIP.  Yes President Trump truly cares about this country and all it's citizens..  It's the democrats and socialist who want to take over

neutral: trump 2020 build the wall

negative: Americans kill Americans every day ~ are you going to build a wall to keep them away from law abiding citizens as well?  Not all illegals are bad but those are the only ones the news will tell you about ~ There are many who are honest people and want better

negative: First President that had to fight for Border Security as if it was a political issue rather than a National Security issue.  Something has gone wrong in American politics when one party weaponizes an American issue and uses it as a bartering tool thinking they will impress others and get their votes....they would be wrong on so many levels.

neutral: IF THE 5 PRESIDENTS BEFORE TRUMP HAD USED THE MONEY ALLOCATED FOR THE WALL MAYBE THEIR DAUGHTER WOULD BE ALIVE TODAY..............

neutral: https://www.npr.org/2019/02/16/695438900/munich-security-conference-reveals-a-growing-rift-between-u-s-and-its-allies  Impeach

negative: "More people are killed by American citizens than immigrants

negative: Dawn Duff trump troll indeed.

neutral: "Americans face consequences

negative: Dawn Duff what is pointless is spending over 100 billion dollars a year of taxpayer money on people that have no legal right to be here.  Why aren't you crying about sending billions of OUR tax dollars to Jordan to build THEIR pointless wall?

negative: Any crime committed by an illegal immigrant is a crime that could have been avoided if our borders were secure and our immigration laws were enforced.

neutral: Wayne David say it louder for those in the back!!

negative: And who would be the first to blame President Trump if an illegal killed one of their family members because a homicidal immigrant walked across the border without detection because there is no deterent like the wall.  Hypocrisy in the highest form Demwits!!!!

negative: So sorry you lost your Daughter. I know Donald Trump is working hard to keep us safe  so many is trying their best to stop him.

negative: And people complained when the democRATs used the deaths of children to further their agenda...

neutral: You are allowing yourselves to be used as pawns

negative: Our president would be impeached if he didn’t something wrong. You people need to just go with the flow until he’s impeached or done 🤦🏽‍♂️

neutral: "WAR IS WONDERFUL WITH JESUS ON OUR SIDE! U.S. State Department approves $12 billion in military sales to Qatar

negative: "That is a sad story but it has nothing to do with the wall or a ""National Emergency""."

negative: ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS ARE IN 4 WINDS CASINO I SEE THEM WHEN I GO THERE NON USE THERE PLAYER'S CARD  INSERT INTO SLOTS ...

negative: How about all the children killed on schools?  It is always horrible when a child is killed...but we also have home grown terrorists.

neutral: Don't pretend you care then support abortion

negative: Kathy Finley Hayden and that is an issue to deal with.  That does not mean we can ignore other problems.

negative: Bull O'Neill  and then why is Trump ignoring these problems?  At the Rose Garden speech..why didn't he have Parkland families there?  Explain that

negative: "So if a legal citizen kills a person

negative: a legal resident killed over 50 in vegas...wheres the wall around vegas tbh.....

neutral: You’re the ugliest president ever

negative: Ahmad Mahmoud and you hide your head in a rag and cover your ugly women with body rags. Get on your camel goat fucker and leave

neutral: Ahmad Mahmoud it is not a beauty pageant.  Trump is doing what he was elected to do.

negative: Ahmad Mahmoud Ouch! That hurt! Smh

neutral: "With Trump

negative: "It is so sad that a leader would use the personal tragedies of a relatively small number of Americans to stoke fear in lots of Americans.  Perfection

neutral: 962 American women were murdered by their partners in 2016. Can we put a wall around men in America?

negative: By proxy the democrats that oppose the border wall killed her by their inaction on our security.

neutral: "For all those against the wall

neutral: "Trump is a terrible president and shouldn't have been one. I would rather take my chances with Hillary than with trump. He had a tantrum like a 2 year old child over a wall he didn't get so he she the government down

negative: And the other 99% of Americans killed were killed by legal American citizens.  So let's focus on the 1%.  That really makes sense.  SMH

neutral: Where do u get info?CNN???

neutral: Marge Hackett Fox news!

neutral: "I am a different kind of person

negative: CRAZY HORSE APPACHE RUNNIN BEAR SPIRIT INDIAN AMERICAN PROUDE IN OUT HOAKI DOAKI SUPERMAN

negative: Trump is doing what no president would of done!

negative: "And if a person from your country had killed them

neutral: "Heavenly Creator

neutral: If you really want to protect American families start with gun control.

neutral: ll that money Obama sent to Iran could have payed for the wall . And the money was already aproved years ago and where did it go.

neutral: You been CHUMPED suckers 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/average-tax-refunds-fall-fueling-discontent-with-gop-written-law?fbclid=IwAR2CctX_Dos3h7r6aS64kODkUYAv4hlJYNuLmU37nbGx_e6uHpCV_hVMicY&linkId=100000005061441&utm_campaign=newshour&utm_medium=pbsofficial&utm_source=facebook

neutral: "Build the wall Mr President.  Then abolish the IRS 

neutral: I hope to leave  Egypt  and emigrate  to america ... please mr president  help me about that

neutral: "Common sense Thank you President

negative: "The only politically palatable option he had left? REALLY?!!! Same day he declares a FALSE National Emergency on the border our REAL NATIONAL EMERGENCY REARS ITS DEADLY HEAD AGAIN WITH 5 DEAD

neutral: You're a lying wonder 45! When you die soon there will be celebrating and feasting. In your adderall loaded mind the homegrown terrorists are very fine people.

negative: the Democratic Party is wrong not to be backing the people of the USA.  I'll never forget their unAmerican/ungodly ways.

negative: The Lord Jesus Christ rebuke the DemocRats expose they ARE THE DRUG RUNNERS OBSTRUCTING OUR PRESIDENT FROM PROTECTING THE UNITED STATES amen

neutral: Man...... let it go dude

neutral: Even if you don’t get the wall built you’re still gonna win 2020. I don’t think the Democrats understand how many people are against late term abortion’s !! That alone will get Trump reelected.

negative: Many have been killed by shooters who were citizens.  We have a gun problem.  I

negative: "All celebrities who live in “ walled mansions “ should tear them down and erupt a sign out front that says “ All immigrants ( illegal only ) are welcome to come in

negative: "okay and Americans kill too

neutral: "Lyzbeth Martinez Puga make me chump. I'm sitting right here

neutral: "how cute

neutral: You are the best  President in the world

neutral: "Keep after it Mr. President

neutral: He agrees!

negative: the lawmakers who are opposed to the wall don't give a damn about American families

neutral: "What else can i say rather than to thank Doctor  who God used to reunite my marriage. Each day of my life

negative: While this is tragic... What about the tens of thousands of children killed by gun violence? Gun violence is our national emergency

negative: Singling out people? What about all the mass shootings in our own country?Americans shooting Americans?Highest in he free world. Gun control? The emergency appears to be your mind?

neutral: "If President Trump only knew of this... murder... just down the road from the Winter White House...  Hoping to impress upon Governor Ron DeSantis that the FDLE and FBI should ""get on this"". Murderers walking free because of incompetent Officers and wealthy backers.   Executive Summary:  Palm Beach County family seeks redress

neutral: "I  REALLY  PRAY PRESIDENT  TRUMP GETS THIS  MESSAGE.  IN DELAWARE WHERE I LIVE

negative: Cathy Rohrer-Mackenrodt  first illegal aliens not immigrants and 2nd even though this sounds crazy it's not illegal to be illegal in our country. It has always been they can only be deported if they commit a felony.

negative: "So what are you going to do about to do about your own murdering citizens Mr Trump

neutral: "I suggest you step down Mr Trump

neutral: Stfu about your petty ego wall

neutral: Trump Nation

negative: Most of the illegal immigrants have overstayed their visa’s.   How about you start there Mr. President?

neutral: "Do your homework a wall does not stop the Majority of the people from gaining access to America.  We have air space

neutral: "I can't help but wonder what the  parents

neutral: "If these democrats that are against bullding the wall 

neutral: "You'll get it done. I'm pulling for you

negative: The Las Vegas mass killer was an illegal immigrant? The Sandy Hooks mass killer was an illegal immigrant? Crazy and mentally ill people are everywhere amongst us. And at the top of the US government but it doesn't justify the fake demand for that wall

neutral: Peter Stock then why do you live in a structure with 4 walls? Remove your walls and welcome them to your home.  If you do this.. I will then support you 100%.

neutral: We can safely live w/o walls in Germany. We've teared them down in 1989. We don't need an arsenal of automatic firearms in every household.......and we have a community which cares for refugees in solid living conditions. That's where the difference is to be lead by a government without everyday lies

neutral: "Bitvrealky

neutral: "Every day

negative: "Illegal immigrants drive in America without insurance and cause accidents

negative: If there were only ONE person killed by an illegal  immigrant; the (complete) security wall should be built!

neutral: seim of y ramp yar migrant tu

neutral: You need to put some ointment on that burnt ego

neutral: "As the wall is being built

negative: the only reason that the corrupt politicians are being allowed to destroy our country is because we are letting them..people have to wake up and get involved...congress will never pass any legislation that stops their corruption...if you are serious about wanting to drain the swamp then you need to get involved with the Convention of States…. don't just leave everything to trump because the swamp is too deep for him to drain without our help.. please take the time to learn about the Convention of States and get involved... see Convention of States on facebook to learn more..please get everyone involved..

negative: "A US citizen killed 5 people on a shooting on February 15

negative: NO CRISIS NOTHING TO SEE HERE.  sacr..

neutral: As promised ❤⚘  #kevinfaulconer  #aclu    #toniGatkins        #kevinfaulconer        #councilmemberchrisward        #mts        #marawelliott        #doj        #sandiegopolicedepartment        #dasummerstephan        #fatherjoesvillages        #alphaproject        #islandvillage        #georgette        #cdc      #unionbank    #downtownpartnership  #coastalliving   #coastalsandiego  #beach  #pb  #pacificbeach  #encinitas  #oceanbeach  #coronado  #imperialbeach  #ib  #chulavista  #nationalcity   #downtownsd   #downtownsandiego   #realestate   #education  #investment  #luxury  #mortgage  #homesforsale  #investments  #openhouse  #forsale  #marketing  #delmar  #carlsbad  #oceanside  #oceansideca

negative: It should resigning as your highest priority.  You are an old senile sad old man

neutral: Then why are KGB are in the WH?..🙄

neutral: "liberals only care about illegals

neutral: you want protection or you want TRUMP wall?

neutral: "Any of you bleeding heart lefty libs wanna ask this man

negative: if you’re thinking about voting for ANY DEMOCRAT that has announced THEY ARE (since someone corrected my spelling ).....running.....plz tell the country WHAT brought you to that decision.?  bc what I have heard from them has been the DESTRUCTION OF AMERICA......why would you want that ? #TRUMP2020🇺🇸

neutral: Long live president DONALD TRUMP.  If you love America  vote  for TRUMP 2020 the best president of USA..

neutral: The Liberals are inhumane people!

negative: The financial records of Every Politician who oppose border security needs to be openly investigated and made public! Those who scream the loudest should be investigated first! You don’t oppose security unless you are profiting from it!

neutral: Linda Gayle Hutson is good they are doing that to the president

negative: its irrelevant whether the murderer was an illegal immigrant or not..

negative: What about all the legal Americans that are running around killing people?

negative: You're a jackass.

neutral: "O’Rourke

neutral: "And a trump supporter killed Mrs Heyer's daughter Heather by mowing her down on the streets of Charlotteville in the middle of trump's ""very fine people"" rally. https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-1zP3gTDEZYk/WjKzpOUXZ7I/AAAAAAAApg0/XvPWfhK6z7se6bZ0TL3I2TApJMo2YqhDACLcBGAs/s1600/171213-teeman-heather-heyer-mom-tease_eb5wff_ie40xu.jpg"

neutral: "Trump made some very specific promises during his campaign and I voted for him because of those promises. I want three things before I vote for Trump in 2020. 1). I want Hillary/The Clinton Foundation prosecuted. 2). I want progress on the Wall. Funding and the wall being started. 3). I want Obama Care repealed. No

negative: Democrats support 2 things: Obama and illegal immigrants who kill Americans. It’s who they are.

negative: The wall needs to be built for American Security. President Trump is aware of all the violence in the border towns.

negative: Guns kills more people than illegals.  Doi.

neutral: Diane Edwards Linton how many suicides are committed with a gun? Sure. Take away the guns. And then you end up committing suicide like my childhood best friend did when we were in 8th grade. Hung himself by the road for everyone to see. Gee..maybe we should ban rope too?

negative: Diane Edwards Linton so the gun walks up to people and shoot themselves?

negative: "Diane Edwards Linton guns don't kill people

neutral: Your highest priority is you !

negative: "YOU KNOW WHAT PEOPLE.... THIS BS OF USING ILLEGAL HAS GOT TO STOP.....ILLEGAL IS RHETORIC THAT SEEMS OFFENSIVE TO OTHERS....!!  I'D RATHER WE SAY..UNWANTED

negative: if it was your highest priority you would address internal gun violence.  you are a blowhard and a dimwit.  if it wasn't for daddy's money you would starve.

neutral: "Last year

neutral: What about the families of the 5 murdered in Aurora IL yesterday by an American?

neutral: "Quran chapter 103 asr Time verses   بِسْمِ اللَّهِ الرَّحْمَٰنِ الرَّحِيمِ   In the name of Allah

neutral: Yeah and a dingo took your baby.

negative: This is a tragic story but the fact remains that immigrants commit crimes at about half the rate of people born in this country. Trying to use a tragedy like this to score political points is tasteless and holding up this as a way to impugn all immigrants is disingenuous

neutral: "Congratulations President

negative: "Benji Smith illegal immigrants is illegal already

negative: That's not very Christian of you cunt

neutral: Do you mean speaking truth?

neutral: "I just reread your post 

negative: Offended

negative: Illegal immigrant is a Russian that overstayed his visa

negative: Alyssa Klimek one of the problems.

negative: What a waste of money...... Wake up folks!

neutral: "Finally

negative: By all means ignore facts showing they commit crimes less often than citizens.  Moron.

negative: "Trump doesn't care about the people killed by American citizens who shouldn't have had a gun

negative: "Here are the SENATE REPUBLICANS who voted to weaken interior enforcement:  Sen. Lamar Alexander (TN)	Sen. Bill Cassidy (LA) Sen. Susan Collins (ME)	Sen. James Risch (ID) Sen. John Cornyn (TX)	Sen. Cory Gardner (CO) Sen. Michael Crapo (ID)	Sen. Todd Young (IN) Sen. Michael Enzi (WY)	Sen. James Lankford (OK) Sen. Lindsey Graham (SC)	Sen. John Hoeven (ND) Sen. Chuck Grassley (IA)	Sen. Ron Johnson (WI) Sen. Mitch McConnell (KY)	Sen. Steve Daines (MT) Sen. Lisa Murkowski (AK)	Sen. Kevin Cramer (ND) Sen. Pat Roberts (KS)	Sen. Deb Fischer (NE) Sen. Richard Shelby (AL)	Sen. Martha McSally (AZ) Sen. Marsha Blackburn (TN)	Sen. Dan Sullivan (AK) Sen. Roy Blunt (MO)	Sen. David Perdue (GA) Sen. John Boozman (AR)	Sen. Joni Ernst (IA) Sen. Shelley Capito (WV)	Sen. Thom Tillis (NC) Sen. Johnny Isakson (GA)	Sen. Mike Rounds (SD) Sen. Jerry Moran (KS)	Sen. John Kennedy (LA) Sen. Rob Portman (OH)	Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith (MS) Sen. Roger Wicker (MS)	Sen. Rick Scott (FL) Sen. John Thune (SD)	Sen. Mitt Romney (UT) Sen. John Barrasso (WY)	  The bill passed the House by a 300-to-128 margin with the majority of Republicans opposing the bill. The official roll call can be found here.  Here are the HOUSE REPUBLICANS who voted to weaken interior enforcement:  Rep. Rob Bishop (UT-1)	Rep. David McKinley (WV-1) Rep. Ken Calvert (CA-42)	Rep. Mark Amodei (NV-2) Rep. John Carter (TX-31)	Rep. Doug LaMalfa (CA-1) Rep. Tom Cole (OK-4)	Rep. Paul Cook (CA-8) Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (FL-25)	Rep. Rodney Davis (IL-13) Rep. Kay Granger (TX-12)	Rep. Jackie Walorski (IN-2) Rep. Pete King (NY-2)	Rep. Susan Brooks (IN-5) Rep. Frank Lucas (OK-3)	Rep. Andy Barr (KY-6) Rep. Devin Nunes (CA-22)	Rep. Ann Wagner (MO-2) Rep. Hal Rogers (KY-5)	Rep. Chris Collins (NY-27) Rep. John Shimkus (IL-15)	Rep. Brad Wenstrup (OH-2) Rep. Mike Simpson (ID-2)	Rep. David Joyce (OH-14) Rep. Chris Smith (NJ-4)	Rep. Chris Stewart (UT-2) Rep. Mac Thornberry (TX-13)	Rep. French Hill (AR-2) Rep. Michael Turner (OH-10)	Rep. Mike Bost (IL-12) Rep. Fred Upton (MI-6)	Rep. John Moolenaar (MI-4) Rep. Greg Walden (OR-2)	Rep. Tom Emmer (MN-6) Rep. Don Young (AK-0)	Rep. Elise Stefanik (NY-21) Rep. Jeff Fortenberry (NE-1)	Rep. John Katko (NY-24) Rep. Virginia Foxx (NC-5)	Rep. Will Hurd (TX-23) Rep. Patrick McHenry (NC-10)	Rep. Dan Newhouse (WA-4) Rep. Michael McCaul (TX-10)	Rep. Matt Gaetz (FL-1) Rep. Michael Conaway (TX-11)	Rep. John Rutherford (FL-4) Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (WA-5)	Rep. Drew Ferguson IV (GA-3) Rep. Kevin McCarthy (CA-23)	Rep. Jack Bergman (MI-1) Rep. Vern Buchanan (FL-16)	Rep. Don Bacon (NE-2) Rep. Robert Wittman (VA-1)	Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (PA-1) Rep. Steve Scalise (LA-1)	Rep. David Kustoff (TN-8) Rep. Brett Guthrie (KY-2)	Rep. Liz Cheney (WY-0) Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer (MO-3)	Rep. Greg Gianforte (MT-0) Rep. Pete Olson (TX-22)	Rep. Troy Balderson (OH-12) Rep. Phil Roe (TN-1)	Rep. Michael Waltz (FL-6) Rep. Glenn Thompson (PA-15)	Rep. Russ Fulcher (ID-1) Rep. Tom Reed II (NY-23)	Rep. Greg Pence (IN-6) Rep. Martha Roby (AL-2)	Rep. Jim Hagedorn (MN-1) Rep. Steve Womack (AR-3)	Rep. Pete Stauber (MN-8) Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-7)	Rep. Michael Guest (MS-3) Rep. Steven Palazzo (MS-4)	Rep. Kelly Armstrong (ND-0) Rep. Bill Johnson (OH-6)	Rep. Anthony Gonzalez (OH-16) Rep. Steve Stivers (OH-15)	Rep. Dusty Johnson (SD-0) Rep. Bob Gibbs (OH-7)	Rep. Denver Riggleman (VA-5) Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (TN-3)	Rep. Bryan Steil (WI-1) Rep. Bill Flores (TX-17)	Rep. Carol Miller (WV-3) Rep. Jaime Herrera Beutler (WA-3)	  Updated: Fri

negative: SO SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS  VILE VICIOUS VINDICTIVE EVIL demonRATS  ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR HER DEATH LET US NOW DESTROY THEM

neutral: "Great leaders do not have to self-promote.  Great leaders do not have to use simple-minded propaganda spin messaging to falsely elevate themselves.  If one is a great leader

negative: "Trotting out the victims of crimes by immigrants DOES NOT make your case.   You are a pathetic user.   For once in your life

neutral: "Donald Trump

neutral: BUILD THE WALL MR. TRUMP.

negative: "Why do we assume that every illegal immigrant climbed over the wall. I saw their make shift boats washed ashore in Florida one year? Pretty sure they weren't American and are now walking the streets of Florida! As a matter of fact all the hired help at Mar A Lago are illegal! Oh

negative: All the democrats want to do is hesitate hasitate on doing anything to protect southern border from illegals an drugs But you know that they know its coming across an don't give a damn about stopping it.

neutral: To lose a loved one at the hands of someone who is not even supposed to be here is a slap in the face of justice. Build the wall!

negative: We are so sorry for your loss and totally agree with you and President Trump that there IS A CRISIS at the border and the wall in the right places can help keep all Americans and their children safer!

negative: It have TO be horrible but people get kill every day for no reason white man kill wife and kids son kill girlfriend brother his parent's grandmother son kill his family mother father brother even the dog  now this people are AMERICA citizens what do we do with them !!!!! Think

negative: "Did you hear about Aurora illinois shooting yesterday asshole? Guess what

neutral: Alejandro Sanchez oh you know for a fact he legally bought a gun ? Where'd you get that info ?...not sure what your point was considering one has zero to do with the other

negative: Alejandro Sanchez  are you a illegal ?

neutral: George E Simpkins Jr  it’s call news.😇

neutral: "George E Simpkins Jr  and just like Trumps point

negative: "The true enemy of the people is the state.  We'll never defeat our oppressors divided.  Police are the protectors of the elite rich top 1 percent.  Bankers bought their power over the us government when they established the federal reserve.  We're tricked into hating each other for skin color

negative: I bet the 5 families that lost thir loved ones to another mass shooter this week  Think THAT's a National Emergency.   Whats the plan for that?

neutral: Wat if they come by tunnel? Like how Pakistanis entering India .

negative: So comes you aint sharing sad stories of those parents whose children are victims of gun violence; gun violence perpetrated by your supporters?

negative: Illegal drugs killed my beautiful young grandson. One of 135 that day. Why would you resist a President that wants to spare us from all this? Pray it is never your child Liberal.

negative: "There are too many American killers as well into or out of the country killing people by Townsend and Townsend in wars for example. Désolée. Here also we have assassins of all the countries and own killers as well. What's the example

negative: "I'm more than disappointed in the GOP

neutral: Trump saying the truth

negative: "A far greater problem killed over 70

neutral: An illegal immigrant gave me a blow job once while on vacation in Mexico it was excellent!!!!!!!! She didn’t speak English and I didn’t speak Mexican but she was beautiful and understood American currency. Overall a excellent cleaning lady on my all inclusive vacation

negative: "2018---Of the 154 MASS Shootings in USA not one was perpetrated by black

negative: "It is awfully naive to think a wall along our southern border will stop people and drugs from coming into our country.  The northern border is much longer.  Our coastlines ate much longer.  Tunnels go under walls. Ladders and drones

negative: "Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic

negative: I don't think he wants to memorialize the death of his daughter by the deaths of thousands of immigrants at the hands of CIA backed meddling south of the borders.  You only hear about the fear mongering about MS13...Trump forgets to tell you how the caravans started. He forgets to mention intel has it that when he invades Venezuela there will be more caravans.  Just like he promised you tax breaks but only gave it to the 1%.  He's right when he said the people are stupid enough to believe him.

negative: "ARE YOU ATTEMPTING A MASSACRE??!!!!!!  AND WHO IS SPREADING FALSE RUMORS ABOUT ME AND THE PRESIDENT??!!!!!!  I AM ASKING WHAT HAPPENED AT the address of 2717 South Normandie Avenue in Los Angeles

neutral: Absolutely need the wall!!! Many of  Those who don’t want it are benefiting from drug sales & sales of children and their body parts. It is sick that people are so naive to think that some dems have their best interests in mind. They have their own pocket books and bank accounts in mind!!! President hadn’t even taken a salary for all the crud  thrown at him!!!

negative: Yes even though more white Americans kill or injure people than any other race....

negative: The Border Patrol is inept. They need to be fired......

neutral: "At least you didn't say alien

negative: As a gay woman I worry more about white men than brown men

negative: Kelly Anders I'll say it for everyone. Your a fucking idiot.

negative: "Kelly Anders hopefully you realize that not all illegal immigrants are brown.  Also

neutral: "Kelly Anders wow

neutral: In my personal experience I have been assaulted by good old fashioned God-fearing Southern boys 3 times.  Your opinion does not invalidate my personal experience. Please tell me about your experiences as a lesbian.

negative: Just like 144 police officers killed last year 1 by a undocumented immigrant

negative: Patty Bertocchini La Puma that is one officer who would be alive if that illegal immigrant wasn't in this country to begin with

negative: Leon Rackauskas so you dont care about the other 143 police officers killed by the general population

negative: Patty Bertocchini La Puma I do care but those stats are not accurate killed is killed not by a human hand

neutral: Leon Rackauskas research it then

negative: "Patty Bertocchini La Puma lying liar. You are 100% wrong. One officer was killed by an illegal immigrant. One. I’m not defending it

neutral: Patty Bertocchini La Puma you people just dont get it we dont want the illegal immigrants here period.  I dont care if they kill people or dont if they ride around on your democratic unicorns and spread love lol they dont belong here BUILD A GIANT WALL ha ha not sure why the Democrats are so against securing our boarders oh I know because then they'd have nobody to vote democratic ha ha not sure how you people are going to handle 6 more years of TRUMP

negative: That dude would kill anyone with a headbutt

negative: IF anone cant' see what Our President is doing they are Lost in another world because he is  Fighting for us.. Our Safety

negative: A white man killed 8 black people in a church. We need to ban all white people. That's how stupid your logic is you twits.

negative: Five people died yesterday because a man got a gun legally that wasn’t supposed to have it.Fake president fake crisis

neutral: "There are certain barriers that separate and protect

neutral: "When it finally happens to the DEMS families

neutral: "I was in your corner for a LONG time

neutral: "Mr. Donald John Trump our President Of The United States Of America never chose to be a common man. It is his right to be uncommon. He seeks the opportunity to develop whatever talents God gave him. Not security for his family. Security of the United States Of America. He does not wish to be a kept citizen. Humbled and dulled by having the state look after him. He wants to take a calculated risk: to dream and to build. To fail and to succeed. He refuses to barter incentive for a dole. He prefers the challenges of life to the guaranteed existence. The thrill of fulfillment to the stale calm of utopia. He will not trade freedom beneficence nor his dignity for a handout. He will never cower before any earthly master nor bend to any threat. It is his heritage to stand erect. proud and unafraid: to think and act himself

negative: ONE more of American life lost is already enough... UNACCEPTABLE Stop the genocide of our people.

neutral: Alexandra Ica Hanciu what genocide  lol

negative: "What most of Trump’s supporters need to understand is that illegal immigrants commit less than 1% of violent crimes in this country. 4 studies have been written

neutral: I bet all them study's where by lying Democrats

negative: "You're the most divisive and disgusting president ever

negative: That's like saying that because Dahmer killed your kid we need a wall around Milwaukee.

negative: Schumer and Pelosi and the Democrat party in Congress ARE an enemy to the Country.....

neutral: "Tell it to the world. They are just selfishly trying to get voters for the next election. It's all about power. The don't care about  your love ones

negative: The Congress wastes more in an hour than a wall the entire length of the border with Mexico would cost.   With a multi trillion dollar budget the 6 billion that Trump wants for a wall is a rounding error.

negative: Why do demos  give no credence to our America children. It just astonishing that they don’t give a damn about us & only want to Let in illegals. It must be all about votes. Vets homeless on streets that just ignore us & making Americans second on list. Vote red and remember what they are doing. Can’t get away with anything unless we vote them out.

neutral: BLACK WHITE WHITE WON WHITE HEAT SUN

negative: An illegal immigrant killed my friends 16  year old daughter Madison Wells from New Jersey this summer. She was stabbed several times outside in front of her aunt's house she went into the house collapsed on the floor bleeding out her father walked in shortly after her called 911 and she passed away as they were Wheeling her through the emergency room doors

negative: This is HORRIBLE that our President would share something like this. Smh from a drunk driving accident? Come on now...this is SO DIRTY! That white kid in TX that killed a whole family didnt even get any jail time because of his privilege. But u wanna use this as a platform for billions of dollars for a wall??? GTFOH!

negative: De Bolden take your privilege line and shove it up your ass.

neutral: De Bolden What privilege?

negative: "De Bolden ots HORRIBLE u just dont like that it's part of the problems this country has.  We have laws and I do support others who want to be a citizen of this country but do it LEGALLY!!!!   And u talk about privilege

negative: Look it up the judge said that because he came from a privaledged family he would not have to go to jail....for killing an ENTIRE family in a drunk driving incident. Im not gonna do ur research for u.

neutral: De Bolden where was the shooting?

neutral: Shooting? Lol damn Trumpbots

neutral: https://www-nytimes-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.nytimes.com/2018/04/02/us/ethan-couch-affluenza-jail.amp.html?amp_js_v=a2&amp_gsa=1&usqp=mq331AQCCAE%3D#referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2F2018%2F04%2F02%2Fus%2Fethan-couch-affluenza-jail.html

neutral: Took all of 30 seconds to find that. A lil research beyound Fox would do yall some real good.

negative: """Fixed fortifications are a monument to the stupidity of Man."" George Patton"

neutral: Tell Congress Trump is coming and Americans are coming with him...MAGA...FINISH THE WALL...

negative: The fact that democrats are still trying to argue this is completely ridiculous.

negative: And your plans to keep American's safe from those shooting at anyone/everyone in a gun massacre is for more people to be armed?! Not taking into account how many hot heads might resort to using their gun when they lose their temper too easily?!

negative: How many legal people kill people everyday. We have a murder problem not an immigration problem

negative: Mexico. Mexico. Mexico? Why are they not paying? A half filled promise that now must be footed by American taxpayers. Trump has failed.  We have a huge bloated deficit. Big spender of other people’s money.

neutral: "President Trump knows what he's talking about

neutral: GO TRUMP

neutral: "Bob Stubbe the National Emegency guts anything Trump wants gutted in the bill

negative: More legal citizens kill more people are you fkng kidding me. So idiotic.

negative: Beth Ritchason those people have a right to be here. We don't need to import more criminals! DRUGS poor over that boarder and Americans die.

negative: "Tudy you beat me to it. You're exactly right. We have enough criminals

negative: "An illegal immigrant killed one of my friends

negative: Killed one of my cousins friend right in front t of him sorry fir your loss!

negative: Jamie Bessette sorry for your loss tho that’s intense

negative: "Michael Collins if a 1000 of those stories came out a week would u change your mind??  You dont hear them because they are not allowed to report it was an illegal responsible for traffic fatalities. Where I am we have had 3 cases this week

neutral: "Well said

neutral: President Trump Is Required To End Birthright Citizenship https://www.guardtheconstitution.com/2018/11/06/president-trump-is-required-to-end-birthright-citizenship/43124

neutral: Give me a break you POS

neutral: You're wife is a mail order bride you clown

negative: More Americans are killed in America by white “Christians” Americans.

neutral: We also should not give any illegal immigrant any kind of benefits or welfare I think this would turn away a lot of them from coming into the United States.

neutral: "45

neutral: There are American citizens in greater numbers carrying off mass shootings. Aurora the latest. Yet you’ve not called a gun control emergency. Crickets on your part.   Let’s be realistic. If you wanted to protect American families you’d do something about mass shootings. But being beholden to the NRA I guess you can’t. All you’re doing is playing the ‘i love bring scared’ heart strings of your supporters.  Donald J. Trump

neutral: "Are you talking to your wacko birds

negative: I’m so sorry that these Dems don’t give a damn if you lose a loved one it’s only about their agenda nothing else! Pray to God that these evil people will come to their senses 💔

negative: Sharon Miller my friend wad killed by a white person should at build a wall around them too too keep me safe

negative: This is why we need a wall. Here are some of the victims stories. Some of these people who are murdered were murdered by illegals who were previously deported. http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp

negative: Leftist love the blood of innocents being spilled. If they're not brutally killing babies they're exposing us to unnecessary violence and risk.  BUILD THE WALL!

negative: Just wished that bone spurs would show some concern about shool kids and others who are killed by born citizens who have killed huge nos. In the last three years. But Orange man never says a word about them. He only points out an immigrant on matters of people killed.

neutral: "DON’T BE A SHEEPLE TO THE PRESIDENT

neutral: "I live in Southern California a little west of Palm Springs and I say any City or State that becomes a Sanctuary City or Sanctuary State

neutral: "The Great Wall of China

neutral: It was the largest cocaine bust in 25 years at California's Port Hueneme.  More than 200 pounds of cocaine were found hidden on two ships.  The feds announced the bust on the same day Donald Trump said drugs don't come through ports of entry.

neutral: "Keep us safe !!  Let the left howl

negative: The people who have had this happen should unite and sue the demon-rat-tick party.

negative: I live in Florida.  We are FLOODED  with illegal immigrants..its so bad .I got hit from behind  in my car .never had an accident  or ticket I been driving  since I was 16 now I am in my fifties..a illegal immigrant hit me from behind try to take off I chase him.and call the cops he had no license  or insurance..I had to claim the accident  to mine insurance company. They fix my car 4 months later I get a letter I being drop..this was Progressive Insurance Company..I was put in a hat a bozo company I never heard of pick me up I was considered a high risk..all because of an illegal immigrant

neutral: And now you just signed an amnesty bill.. great!  How come there never in two years were no figures presented regarding Islamic migration into the US? I t did vastly increase didnt it? While it decreased allot from culturally Christian countries.

neutral: "If walls didn't work why do all those demoasses have walls around their homes. The United states can not take on the whole world at one time. If the wall allows that

neutral: "Senator Lindsay Graham is now talking about a ""coup"" by the FBI as well as others !     Yet with a straight face

neutral: "President Trump will have the law on his side when he uses the power of his office to secure the U.S. border with Mexico.  Fortunately

negative: WHAT ABOUT THE BIGGER PROBLEM THE GUN MASS MURDERS.

neutral: if my taxes go to building a wall it better be a wall around you and your supporters. there are plenty other things that need to be fixed over and before a wall and yet you ignore them congrats you don't care about america (mexico is america btw also canada as well you are thinking of the united states families not american families) you care about yourself

negative: Stop exploiting these families  to try to gain favor for your monument.  Your fake concern is appalling and despicable.

neutral: Thank you Mr. President! It saddens me that my son’s and grandson are not growing up in the same America that I did.  I noticed the most change after Obama.  You are our only hope.  God bless you! 🇺🇸🙏🏼

negative: How many white Americans kill white Americans. Oh  forgot  School shooting  That's AMERICA  for you  Glad to live in  CANADA  Where we're all mixed 😁👍👍

negative: Liberal stupidity is rampant.  Hey Libs you get to scream at the sky on Monday at noon!!

negative: "I can barely walk because I was tboned by a illegal alien

neutral: "Sharon Devaney  I am so sorry and God bless

negative: how about conquering the southern Western Hemisphere and taking over. maybe THAT'S the answer. let's fight a war for US once. thank you.

neutral: they invade us....we invade them. let's see who's better at invasion.

negative: "My 18 year brother was killed by an illegal immigrant in 2005 who was high on drugs and drunk

negative: trump should just send im thoughts and prayers-like he did the other day to the families of the victims of the Parkland shootings.

negative: U covered up the rape of a 4 year old girl by officer Jose Nunez. U covered up the rape of a 4 year old girl. U protected a child molester. All u care about is money. U say and do anything as long as it fits your agenda.  #TrumpIsABitch

negative: I'm so sorry for your loss Mr Ferguson I cannot  imagine  losing my daughter. But  I Iost my cousin on September 11th at the world trade center by terrorists. It's just not Mexicans that are coming here illegally it's other illegals  aswell from other countries. We need the wall built it's a loophole for anyone that wants to come to our country we need all the Mexicans and illegal immigrants to go back to their own country and  if they want to come here they have to do it legally bottom line

neutral: """ 'I didn’t need to do this

negative: Build the wall to hell with the democrats

negative: "1. Day 758 of 1462 (Illegitimate Presidency) - Embarrassing! The WORLD is laughing at the USA...VP Mike Pence speaking before a Security Conference in Munich was greeted with silence where the crowd was supposed to applaud. He looked visibly shaken after the 2nd time...Again

negative: Would it make a fucking difference if it was someone else?

neutral: "Hey zippy

negative: So sorry for your loss. BUILD that damn wall. So these bastards can’t come in and kill people one way or another 😡🤬😡

negative: "Loretta Sleavensky yes!!! Keep the gun toting Americans out? Approximately 1.4 million people have died from firearms in the U.S. between 1968 and 2011. This number includes all deaths resulting from a firearm

neutral: "Gods

negative: Walls don't work......they just start digging using fake documents or boats wall is waste of money simple maths says war on drugs has never been won probably never will

neutral: "Tell that to Israel

neutral: What is wrong with Country ? this is a no brainier - secure our country - keep safe our people

negative: Lots of white people kill people in America . What does that prove!!!!!!

negative: THAT WONT STOP PEOPLE FROM GETTING KILLED - JUST 5 PEOPLE GOT KILLED YESTERDAY - DON'T SEE YOU GOING ON ABOUT THAT.

neutral: We need that wall built.  Thé démocrates are deaf.  Guess they need hearing ai ds.

negative: Wall would not have stopped 9/11. No wall would have stopped Stephen Paddock. All those people were in USA already. Your wall is a total fake Don. And a very expensive fake.

negative: How many illegal immigrants committed mass murder or even murder as compared to home grown American men?  Let’s start by throwing you out!

neutral: "And  somehow

neutral: "Carol Zuback Alexander 

negative: No offense to anyone who loses a family member tragically..but 380 million people live in the country. Far more people are killed by white American citizen drunk drivers and crazy white Americans shooting up schools. Is there a 'wall' to make them feel like something is being done to make sure it doesn't happen again?

neutral: "Though we have many steps still to be taken and we are thankful for the many steps that have been taken these past two years

neutral: "We are not being disrespectful 

neutral: "Thank God for our POTUS. This country is all talk

negative: "It’s amazing to me how no one acknowledges the fact that the root cause of the accident is a DRUNK DRIVER

negative: One of sister's best friends was killed by an illegal immigrant.  There were 3 illegals in the car.  The driver never even slowed down at the stop sign on a side highway and was speeding.  He hit her while she was driving the speed limit of 65.  She was life watched but didn't survive long.  The 3 men weren't even injured.  They had no insurance and actually tried to hire an attorney to sue the husband of the woman he killed.  They got out of jail somehow and fled back to Mexico.  I always wonder how long it took them to cross back into the states and how many other crimes they've committed since then.

neutral: We need to start by getting the Democrats out of office !

negative: "I’m just here because Soros paid me to say “no wall

neutral: I agree build the wall save our citizens !🇺🇸👍🇺🇸

neutral: "How about this: at you next rally and press conference about the Wall

neutral: Make sure there’s  electric wire at the top rats and undesirable always seem to mitigate onto the good. Build The wall !  God bless Trump !

negative: So border walls will keep people from getting killed by drunk drivers. Got it.

neutral: "After the last mass school shooting

neutral: "Built the wall

neutral: "Worked the border for 4 years

neutral: It’s a presidents #1 responsibility!  Build the wall and increase ICE AND BOARDER PATROL FUNDING!!!

neutral: "So if he had traveled here legally

negative: Libtards don't care about your problems or what happened to you. They just want chaos and death to Americans period.

negative: File a law suit against Pelosi and Schumer and take their millions that they have gotten from the cartels.   Unbelievable the demonic-rats!!!

neutral: "🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Thank you Mr President Donald Trump for working so hard for America and giving us the best

neutral: Veronica Torres are toy even paying attention to hope much money the trump family is making off this presidency...I do respect your opinion but facts are facts

neutral: Thank you for all you do.  You are a REAL PRESIDENT.  KEEP Building the Wall.

negative: "My father was also killed by an illegal immigrant on February 17

neutral: concentration camps are welcome in America... well apparently not in America just to divide America 🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️

neutral: 150B bullets against a group that can't figure out which bathroom to go too. I give up...

neutral: Stand firm President TRUMP We are with you - God speed 😇 #Trump2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸 #BuildTheWall

negative: "Among the problems in the United States

neutral: "BUILD the WALL President Trump. Its funny how the Clown Democrats Pelosi and Clown boy Chuckie don't want the wall

neutral: How is this even a debate for scumbags like House Speaker Nancy Pelosi Senator Chuck Schumer and the rest of Democratic Klan?

neutral: "When you said

negative: are you really that naive and behind in other current events(except for the hate trump ) that you don't know nk is in russia and chinas hip pocket?

negative: "When an immigrant kill 1 person white citizens have already killed 10

neutral: "Chuy Jesus Santy sunday comics isn't a history book 

negative: """the only national emergency is that our president is an idiot"" --Ann Coulter"

neutral: "on behalf of idiots everywhere

neutral: The dums arent going to support the wall until it hits home for them

neutral: "I do not even know how the demorats  sleep at night  oh yes they have no soul

negative: I am sorry sorry for your loss.  We are fighting as hard as we can to stop all of these illegals coming in and taking over our country and killing us right and left. God bless Trump.

negative: Build a multiple layer barrier from the Pacific to the Gulf shut them down

neutral: Another shooting in America. The shooter is a legal american : https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-47261314

negative: "For every single American an illegal kills

negative: "We buried my dear friends daughter last year . Illegal and 3rd time drunk driving offender here in California . 3rd time it took Ashleigh’s young life . Thank you Mr President . Now we tax payers are paying for his housing 

negative: "An American full blooded shoot my grandfather to death

negative: "I can’t get over the fact because an illegal took your loved one makes your grief heavier then mine

negative: We need more from many those have met the illegals.  Wake up everyone. Illegals and Muslims are the worse and we need protection from them.

negative: A madman killed 50+ people at a concert in Las Vegas — we must regulate firearms.  Or do we only use anecdote to make policy when it suits you ...

neutral: "How about

negative: Corey Groff sure — how about we do SOMETHING about the real national emergency?

neutral: "google The Great Wall of China - did it keep out the Mongolians

negative: 2 Mass murders in the last TWO DAYS by AMERICANS.

neutral: "Amen

negative: Donald J. Trump is guilty of fear mongering and incitement. His removal from office won't come soon enough.

neutral: "You are the greatest President

negative: "20% of illegal immigration comes in through Mexico

neutral: "Because that has worked so far?  They do nothing! Let's declare some more sanctuary cities!  Oh

negative: Dylan Shaw so how many come in undetected?  No way to get accurate numbers.

neutral: "The overwhelming majority come in legally

negative: Who's going to build a wall to protect all these innocent kids who are being killed at schools or a wall to protect all the innocent people at there work place or a wall to protect all the innocent people who goes to the movies or nite clubs? Because it WASNT AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT who killed them!! IT WAS A LEGAL US AMERICAN who killed them innocent lives!!

neutral: "Jamie Rochelle if we had the wall less people have to lose their families

negative: "Sad anyone is cut down young. People die every day. No wall ever - boots on the ground

neutral: "WHEN IS EVERYONE GONNA GET IT???  🙄🙄  THE ONLY REASON MUELLER DID THE INVESTIGATION WAS TO KEEP THE HEAT OFF HIMSELF

neutral: Cartel not happy after paying these Democrats to stop the wall.

neutral: Yes it is important if it’s the only way to stop the influx of illegals

negative: Another murder on the hands of the democrats

neutral: "Last year there were 40

negative: https://www.westernjournal.com/ct/obamas-national-emergencies-went-double-digits-still-effect/ congress does not care about the people who elected them. They did not question the crap obama called national emergencies

neutral: President Donald J. Trump thank you for trying to save America from the drugs and the invasion. as a life time Democrat i salute you for fighting for us

neutral: "By that logic

neutral: I can see why you arent a politician

neutral: Dwight Haddix I guess me and Trump have that in common then.

neutral: "If you build a wall

neutral: Özgün Serçe Ergür yes.. ask the Chinese Korean Vietnamese an others that ares ..   What happens whit ISIS crossed from Canada borderline

negative: Wall wall wall Trump fart you will be buried under southern walls stop crying wall wall

neutral: National Emergencies        Obama                   Trump  To aid Somalia      To aid America  To aid Libya To aid Yemen To aid Ukraine To aid South Sudan To aid Central Africa To aid Venezuela To aid Burundi

neutral: "Spreading fears. Wow

negative: "I have a friend whose grandson was just struck while riding his bike by an illegal driver who was drunk.  He survived

negative: They are attacking the followers of Juan Guido in Venezuela the regimen of Maduro https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10217092818249013&id=1125415212

neutral: its so heart breaking for all these senseless killings i never wish evil on someone but maybe if nancy pelosis grand daughter got butchered  and killed horribly maybe shed grasp the reality of the situation ..it surely proves mr trump cares about us and it truly proves the left could care less  about us...the left is americas greatest threat to losing our independence and freedoms  and lives   im 100%  for that wall and maybe send all traitors on the other side of that wall because they dont belong on this side of it

negative: Just put that dude's forehead on the border. No one can climb that thing.

neutral: We are a nation built on immagrants. We judge and we should not do that..the bible says that very clearly.

negative: Yes everyone knows that..has nothing to do with disliking immigrants..it's the ILLEGAL one's..do the proper process and there is no issue at all

neutral: Roger G. Riojas then come Legally

negative: One death of any American by an illegal is 100% one too many. It should be ZERO! These Americans should be alive today. Once again Democrats have blood on their hands. If they aren’t murdering full term babies they are leaving us wide open for the taking! Build the Wall! Stop these Democrats and their Anti American Agenda!

neutral: You are a ConMan

neutral: "All the Dems care about is illegals

neutral: "Amazing the arrogant

neutral: Any chance you can come over here Donald and build a wall right around our little London bubble?

neutral: "We have enough homelessness

negative: This is tragic and I pray for the father & his family.  Spreading hate and fear that all illegal immigrants are dangerous is also disgusting though...

neutral: "Walls won't work

neutral: Come to sweden and build a wall aswell please....

negative: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/have-undocumented-killed-63000-us-9-11/      https://www.cnn.com/2018/11/03/us/immigrants-crime-numbers/index.html     [The majority of mass shooters have been far right politically and American citizen nationally from the beginning of the Trump administration] https://www.vox.com/a/mass-shootings-america-sandy-hook-gun-violence

neutral: "Taylor Embree

neutral: an Anerican shot up Vegas Strip smh

neutral: "WE support you

neutral: "Listen up. It is written.  No question about it. The wall is necessary to secure our borders and protect the Nation of United States of America and its population.  Sir

negative: I don't understand why President Trump did not declare this an emergency two years ago when he could have done more and got more money without a fight? Now it will be the Democrats fault and his base will fall in line with that🐑 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑 like mindless sheep

negative: "Stop giving them welfare

negative: Because orange fear mongering fuckwhistsle.

negative: "I’ve lost count their have been so many this last year. Build The Damn Wall. Fix all the immigration loop holes

negative: I knew somebody who was killed by an illegal immigrant too. The murderer was from Canada!!! We need a wall for our northern borders too! Keep Canadians out! Build that Wall build that Wall build that Wall!

negative: "Build the wall! The democrates ( Communist) hate conservative people.  I sick of them getting giving everything FREE! Illegals should never be allowed to vote! I have always had to show my drivers License every time I have voted 

neutral: Rosemary Patterson no more free handouts to the red states!  The red states are the most dependent on government assistance!

neutral: "Why do all the liberals like Pelosi

negative: The politicians in DC are insulated from this.  If Nancy Pelosi or Chuch Schumer child were killed by an illegal.  I wonder what they would think them?

negative: Immigrants can kill. So can any other human being within the country.

neutral: "The world has 0 respects for the people of the USA

negative: Illegal drugs killed mine 👺🙈🙊🙉Fake media and uncaring Demolition Dems haters of Justice & citizens & security sanctuary for illegals and homeless & criminals 👹👺🤷‍♀️what can we do these fools are evil

negative: "Sorry for you loss

negative: "Only fools think Walls don’t work!  WALLS WORKED!  Look 👀 around your house 🏠 and see what “Walls” do for you and your family!  If walls don’t do anything for you

negative: "This was a jarring week as Trump declared a national emergency after Congress refused to fund his wall — perhaps his most brazen authoritarian act yet. Trump’s predilection not to govern

neutral: "I've been on google maps and looking at the border. California has a really nice wall. SO they can have a wall

negative: This wall is not necessary! Trump said that it is not an emergency!!!! He just needs to satisfy his nit wit base or he is TOAST!

negative: "Too many lives lost at the hands of Illegals! From drugs

negative: Agree...build the damn wall.  One murder from an illegal is one too many.  🇺🇸

neutral: "Here's a true story and a very sad one at that.  A few years ago in my city

negative: Why do Democrats idolize and protect illegal alien killers?

neutral: "So sad....the left thinks voters are more important than the security of our own people.....4

negative: Build the wall for all those precious lives taken by these criminal savages.

negative: Deport all immigrants they are all trouble we can do without.

negative: You are the EMERGENCY. Putins puppet.

negative: Every single one of you people are of illegal ancestry. None of you are legitimate.

neutral: "trump·er·y /ˈtrəmp(ə)rē/  noun 1.  attractive articles of little value or use. synonyms:	trinkets

negative: BITCH let's not forget what your own Government did to Paradise

negative: what about all the school shootings?!?!? cancel schools!!!!!

negative: Behind you 100 % illegal. immigrants need to come in the right way . Democrats need to wake up on this issue. And the drugs that are comming in.

negative: Americans killed 35.000 people last year in America. Wake up voters.

negative: My sympathies.  I really wonder how Pelosi and the rest of the demorats live with themselves.  I guess they don't consider us to worth the worry.

negative: The time has come to end illegal immigration

neutral: Tell the truth Donald Trump...ONLY THE WHITE ONES....ONLY THE WHITE ONES!

negative: It’s an incredibly sad day when liberals care more about foreigners than they do about our wives in children. I have no use for them and wish them straight to hell unless they change  their ways

negative: So sorry ! We need the WALL! We Need Immigration Over-haul

neutral: "Where are all the school shooting

negative: "You see it all most everyday were illegal kills 

neutral: "The wall is a great start but

neutral: Use the Drug Cartels money to build  the Wall!Amen +++🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸😊😊😊🙏🙏😎😎😎

negative: Spinning breaking the law as moral and any means to stop it as immoral is the liberal radical platform. . for votes. It's all about votes.

negative: Don't Americans kill fellow Americans daily? Are we gonna build a wall around them too?

negative: Bahahahaha one fucking killing and you get this?  How about the MILLIONS of lives trump has ruined?  Buncha sheep who can’t think for themselves.  Believe whatever the clown says and forget how to create your own thoughts.

neutral: United we will stand 🇺🇸🙌🏻 Build the wall.. make America Great again 🙏🏻

negative: A bunch of white men committed mass murders in this country centuries...i dont think its a wall we need

negative: Amen death penalty for those who kill our citizens

negative: American citizens should not be subjected to the risk of more harm than already having to endure. David

neutral: "Illegals don't belong here! We welcome immigrants coming legally! If they are coming illegally

neutral: Thank God we have a #BravePOTUSTrump who #FightsForAmericansSafetyFirst

negative: "If everyone  wants  to  see  results  start flooding  the  democratic leadership in the Congress and Senate members with e-mails and  phone calls  pointing this out.  Next election  time  reminded  them of  their  complicity in the  deaths  at the hands of  illegal people at the  polls

neutral: Build the wall our country needs it for our children's future

neutral: "🇺🇸❤️🙏🏻 How many more will there be 

neutral: What will you do when a white man shoots up your church then?

neutral: "Tell me about all the Americans that have performed massive killings

negative: Martin Miranda no the wall at the prison or mental facility will hold them     walls work

neutral: Git ‘er done and God bless America!

negative: If the illegal population voted Republican guess how fast an armed electric fence with a mine field would be built........

negative: People that don't get this are sick in their head.

neutral: Yes Mr Trump. Protect Americans first. Even the Dumbacraps that can only Take from the American people. Then let’s move on to more issues like big pharma and infrastructure. One thing at a time. You have 6 more yrs and it’s going to be a battle with the obstructing we know. 🤷‍♂️

neutral: Adopt the Texas law! Execute murderers regardless of citizenship.

neutral: I would vote against a border wall. Only if all politicians tear down the walls / fences they live behind. Along with doing away with all of their security / armed body guards. Let's see which happens first.

negative: People love addressing every negative encounter they’ve had with anyone that looks Mexican. 😪 Can we address police killing people along with mass shooters?  Pretty sure those problems aren’t gonna be solved with the wall

neutral: "We’re all immigrants

negative: Sad that so many have lost their lives. I pray that all illegals are removed before any more of our children are murdered & addicts get help before they are killed by these drugs flowing into our country. God Bless President Trump for taking the necessary steps when our traitor congress would not.

negative: Build a real barrier or shoot them if they try to cross. Pick your poison.

negative: "I can't imagine how it must feel to have lost your child to an invader and to have all the media and the US Congress care more for the invaders

negative: For every American killed by an illegal alien a Democrats family should pay the price. It's all about bringing it home to these untouchables and balance.

negative: you are a small percentage do not need 5billion sorry facts

negative: What if we make being an illegal immigrant a capital offence? You have 30 days to buy a ticket and go home.

neutral: "What about 167 million for Flint

negative: "A white male killed my naturalized citizen friend...what can we do about that? Stop exploiting these few victims when we have true national emergencies

negative: Why don’t liberals quit crying about the wall and get back to aborting full term babies?

neutral: Build that wall....  #stillmypresident

neutral: Hold pelosi and chuck schumer personally responsible for her murder and tell America who helped end your beautiful daughters young life

negative: FACT: Immigrants commit crimes at a lower percentage than American citizens do. Stop spreading propaganda.

neutral: FACT: Net immigration has been declining for the last several years.

neutral: "Brown immigrants

neutral: Must monitor for tunnels and should put razor wire at top of wall .

negative: We need President Piglosi's permission before we do anything now. This is so wrong

neutral: "This shot just goes to show how many of you have never been near the border

negative: "These killers ...They are not illegal immigrants

neutral: A white American killed my best friend for his wallet. Happens repeatedly every day

neutral: Thank you President Donald J. Trump.. after you announced the wall being built a heavy monkey off our backs..

negative: It'll stop the illegals that don't come thru to stop doing it..

neutral: Build the wall and protect it with lethal force just like the Berlin Wall was

negative: If criminals use Ports of Entry. Why do they dig so many tunnels along the border?

negative: or just walk across because of the lack of other security measures...build the wall

negative: Q1AWE ARE LOSING WAY TO MANY PEOPLE  BECAUSE ILLEGALS COMING INTO Ameria

neutral: Can I donate my tax return to the wall?

negative: A american killed my cousin we need to build a wall around him I guess smh you people are puppets..most of the crime committed in this country past and present has been committed by Americans especially white..I'm just stating facts guys not racial at all

negative: Keep the illegal immigrants out!!

neutral: And we all need to start carrying guns to protect ourselves and our families.

negative: I'm disgusted with you r president. The bill you just signed guts ice and helps illegals  https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2019/02/15/trump-decries-catch-release-while-expanding-release-illegal-aliens/

neutral: I don’t care how many come over the border I don’t want one here taking up jobs give them your job give them your house give them your wife and your kids I don’t care

negative: "Disgusting how an illegal immigrant kills a human being and basically gets off scott free and  a friend of mine who was a homeless vet with mental issues and PTSD attempts to kill a guy in California

neutral: "My condolences but if one black guy had done it

negative: If we keep giving illegal folks welfare they will keep coming.  Take away the incentives to come the wrong way. Give incentives to those who do it right.

neutral: Some natural born citizen shot 17 kids in Parkland what's your point

negative: An illegal immigrant cut my lawn we dont need a wall

neutral: "Trump is 100% correct

negative: Stops the dividing of families. They can not throw their children over the fence and say America separated them

neutral: I love border Lies https://www.facebook.com/georgehtakei/videos/vb.205344452828349/568194156980132/?type=2&theater

negative: "Eff off.  So sick of your treasonous a$$ abusing your power—power that never should have been placed in your incompetent

negative: More American citizens kill Americans than illegals do ! FACT !!

neutral: A wall won't completely STOP the illegals from coming in but it will deter them and slow them down cause nothing is going to STOP them from coming in completely

negative: "What about the 5 Americans shot and killed in their jobs

negative: You’re a Moran president Trump!!! YOU are the National emergency! Impeach Trump now! Stupid narcissist

neutral: Jennifer Smith let me guess u r proud of the ladies in white....baby killer club

negative: "Jennifer Smith ""moran""?  You're the moron."

negative: Pandering to the lowest denominator as usual. All surface and no substance. I guess it work for you.

neutral: Stacey Britton you mean showing proof that we need border security?

negative: Charles Landry this is not proof of need for a wall. Illegal immigration happens primarily through Visa overstays and the other issues we have with border security are also largely through ports of entry. This is intended to bolster unthinking response by people who have poor critical thinking skills. It is transparent fear mongering.

negative: Stacey Britton listening to boots on the ground and fighting to give them what they need.

neutral: Who exactly??? Because stats don't support a barrier wall.

negative: "Stacey Britton fear mongering?  You mean like when democrats said if Trump was elected the stock market would crash and possibly never recover?  Or them screaming that Trump would start a nuclear war?  Or that he would take away woman's rights

negative: Why doesnt he ever post articles about all of the victims of gun violence by white men?

neutral: He is trying to promote Nationalism which is biggest Face of the Devil

negative: An illegal immigrant killed my father in 1991.

negative: Sorry for all your losses and yes 100 % with the idea of the wall !!!! R.I.P to all who were killed by evil

negative: I guess some Americans don't care about the wall until it hits home and kills one of there own family members if your a United States citizen you should demand the wall.

negative: I have no feelings for the deadly caravan plague

negative: "An illegal immigrant killed a friend of mine.  He was driving without a license and ran a stop sign.  My friend on his motorcycle hit the side of the van and was killed instantly.  He had no license

negative: Great. Waste beelions on a wall that the illegal immigrant probably flew over.

neutral: Go to school learn to spell you are a subhuman species.

neutral: Barnaby Rockefeller

neutral: "James Ellis That was a joke on how Trump pronounces it

negative: "Every day illegals are arrested in Atlanta for stealing

neutral: Maths?

neutral: This our last chance under President Trump Build that Wall & abolish the Democrats God bless you President Trump now you know how Custer felt at the little big horn we are with you all the wall .

neutral: "Trump and his base of believers are like a cult. He claims his wall is already being built

negative: They dont belong in our fucking country period.

neutral: "Keep it up mr president! The right Choices aren't always popular! Your protecting us from drugs

negative: mass shootings by white me is the real emergency but nothing is done to stop it.

neutral: "I can assure you

neutral: Build the cotton pickin’ thing at any cost.

negative: sorry to say the wall will slow them down but not stop them.

neutral: Correct. So why wouldn't we slow down the invaders. You want to immigrate here do it the legal way. Real simple.

negative: A white guy killed my family member with a gun.   All i got was thoughts and prayers

neutral: "Steve Cotton  Should’ve been armed and protected them

negative: Paulo Americo Rocha So what's his daughter's excuse?

negative: And no one has killed an illegal immigrant in the US

negative: Okay why don't you do the same post for white kids killing each other due to your stupid gun laws. Oh because the NRA paid you and you don't want to admit the real threat is guns in the US. Actually look at statistics of crime who commits the crimes sorry but it ain't immigrants or illegals because you don't understand the situations that people come from or why they are illegal. For them its sorry you can't enter this country because the USA decided to destroy your country causing all government bodies and data they held about you to  be destroyed as well a lot of the people that would provide the proper paper work are dead or have fled. So after you risk your life escaping a war torn hell none of you will understand or have any sympathy because we fear everything especially if its different . sorry conservatives but apparently you are more fearful than less conservative minds. Don't worry there's not a illegal hiding in ya cupboard Obama put there. Don't forget Jesus was a refugee

negative: There were 323 mass killings in America in 2018.  Not a single one was committed by a person who had entered the country illegally.  You are being conned.

negative: Yea..cuz we know the 1s that have them illegally  will turn theirs in when the ban takes place..!!

neutral: "Strong

negative: I support you 100% get the drugs off the streets ! Yes crime rate is going up for the Americans because drug dealers are getting it into their hands and they are going crazy and committing crime. We need more focus on mental health as well .

negative: You gave up too much in this deal! Immigration will be increased and we will suffer the consequences more!

negative: Trump. Dude. You have been eating up the fake news for years now. Stop it already. Please. Resign. You are not qualified to handle this job. You are screwing up America.

negative: Ok fucktard because ONLY illegal immigrants kill?!? What about all these Americans Killing Babies!!!

neutral: Alyssa Marie Duran shut up

negative: Kim Miller oh you must be ok with killing babies too

negative: Kim Miller fucktard

negative: We have enough problems with our own criminals! We don't need illegal criminals to compound the problem

negative: What about all the white nationalist shootings in the past couple years? Fuckin idiots...

negative: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2015/03/08/ped-killed-newark/24605963/  A white male killed my friend. I’m going to assume he is a citizen.

negative: BUILD THE WALL! Up Pelosi's ass with a piece of glass!!!!

negative: Should have never happened 😡 opposers can say what they want ...but the facts remain- if this illegal wasn’t here she would still be alive! How we spend billions on taxpayer funded abortions but can’t find 5 to build a wall infuriates me!

neutral: That’s a tragic case but if we want to stop illegal immigrantion wouldn’t it be smarter to have an effective solution utilizing surveillance (like drones with thermal imaging) instead of a wall that will take forever to build and which the experts say will not be effective?

neutral: "Build that wall!Pelosi

neutral: "Do something about mass shootings

neutral: Thank you for having the courage to safeguard our USA from the invasion of all these countries and how think they can just illegally cross our border.

negative: Sandra Nastasi Gaston what invasion?

negative: "Kim Miller if you have to ask that question sorry to say 

neutral: It is disgraceful that you are using these families and their grief to further your own political gain.

neutral: Convince  the  RETARDED  far  left.  They  dont  seem  to  care  either  way!

negative: Would LOVE to see the statistics of how many people died from mass shootings versus being murdered by illegal immigrants.

negative: "Deport and build wall we must defend

negative: Bullshit. You declared an emergency then went on vacation

negative: Pig 🐷 trump will naver make the wall he said mexico 🇲🇽 will pay for it.

negative: "An illegal  boy 

negative: Your wall is ridiculous. Please focus on a real crisis. Fulfill your promise of health care. Too hard for you to understand?

neutral: Build that wall...an enforce it!!!!

negative: This is so easy to solve this problem. No wall needed. Just stop giving them free EVERYTHING and they will stop coming.

negative: Illegal immigrants commit murder so do American citizens. #Donthecon

negative: "I think people are so caught up with being against “building the wall” that the whole idea here is being lost. Replace those words with “enhancing security” and see how you feel then. If someone broke in to the school your child attends you’ll be the first people saying “How could that ever happen? Where was security? We pay all these tax dollars for what

neutral: "For years this can was kicked down the road and nothing was done. Still more nothing done before

negative: Too bad that the unholy demoncrats could dare less.

negative: Shame on you! For using this tragedy for political purpose! While you ignore the mass shooting in Illinois! 5 died and 5 polices 🚔 officers injured! Gun violence is real! It’s time to declare a national emergency 🚨!

neutral: You want reroute wall money to help US citizens? How about we reroute the billions we give illegals instead. How about the billions sent abroad to our so called allies?  Im pretty sure there are tons of dollars wasted on non citizens every day. Why take away our shot at securing the border?

negative: "I think illegal immigrants are the scourge of all our countries 

neutral: build the wall for get the dumocrat.

neutral: Build that wall and let the Socialist Democrats FALL

negative: I'm sure a wall would have prevented all the school shootings that happened last year

neutral: ok mr know it all what would

neutral: James Ellis thank you Mr no profile

negative: James Ellis gun control 🤷🏻‍♂️

neutral: Build that wall around the Demodopes

negative: Are you talking about killing indigenous people of America?

negative: Progressive loons could careless. All they want are votes. Btw this a manufactured crisis. Only it’s by the globalist and supporters of the. NWO.

negative: I’d much rather my next door neighbor slice my son’s throat.  Such a stupid post!

neutral: Walls with remote machine gun turrets work better!

neutral: "STEVEN MILLER on Fox News. Rhino Neo Con Chris Wallace trying to get him  to made a mistake. Wallace arrogantly trying to trip  him up. MILLER was magnificent. KNEW the Law.  If Miller had been sent to negotiate  a spending bill instead of Democrat Jared Kushner.

negative: So just emmigrants commit crimes 😂😂😂😂😂🤦🏻‍♀️ low blow #antiwall

negative: round up all the illegal Aliens and detain the ones who allowed them to enter and stay.

neutral: No your personal agenda has nothing to do with protecting American families - you just don't want to avoid standing out as a the loser you are and always will be. You simply don't have what it takes to be great - not even to make America great again. The only thing you have managed to make really great is America's debt of $21.97 trillion.

negative: "Americans kill Americans every freakin day. Stupid ass post. I feel bad for the family

neutral: Jerika Durrett air head bimbo.

neutral: I’m an airhead because my opinion is different than yours? Ok then.

neutral: """Americans kill americans"" so anything else doesnt matter just import everyone elses problems? Also my comment bothered you enough that you needed to seek praise by posting it in your facebook page lol. Have a great night!"

negative: One killed my Uncle too the insanity needs to stop

neutral: "Dont build walls

negative: Build that wall! An illegal killed my 11 year old nephew also.

negative: "NO! To illegaly crossing any borders!!! If it takes a wall

negative: "There are more important things to do in this country than build a fucking wall because that QUACK(Trump) wants to see how much power he has over the pocketbook of America

negative: Reading thru these comments i can very well see why this country is in the shape its in .heres a man trying to make this country better and theres people on here acting like spoiled kids that refuse to admit hes doing a good job .its not just about killing or drugs or rape or draining our benefits programs .putting our hospitals in financial problems .drunk driving or even working and sending the money back to mexico and other places its all these and more .money that could help seniors .vets kids .drug addicts .single parents and to try and fix our health ins issues are going for  these illegals .not to mention so called border security. Do you people think they all go to points of entry to come in ?do you know how many miles are open for them to come in .stop and think people .some of you act like you know more about what goes on then people that work and deal with it every day .unless you know for fact dont try to act like it is .all of this dident just start been going on for years .Trump is the first one to care enough to try to stop it .and all the other issues you are bringing up give the man time .hes trying hes not only fighting the stupid democrats hes fighting fools like the ones on here

negative: 3000 killed by white men so we should build a wall around each person

negative: "This crisis has existed for decades and didn't get any better after you kicked off your 2016 campaign. But you did NOTHING for two years. Meanwhile thousands more Americans have been robbed

negative: "I was in Isreal last year. They put a wall up from Syria and crime went down 80 percent

negative: What about the parents whose sons and daughters were killed and are killed by AMERICANS almost on daily basis?What kind of WALL are you gonna build to protect AMERICANS  from being killed by AMERICANS? 😕

negative: The reason why libs don't admit this as an issue is because they killed all of their children before any illegals got around to it.

negative: "Soooo there are no home grown ""white"" bad people?"

negative: There were numerous serial killers and guess what? They r mostly white! So should they have gotten deported too?

negative: Blame a whole nation for one shitty situation.. yeah seems fair.. dumbass

negative: "Let's just forget about all the victims murdered y white people who had guns

neutral: Illegals are becoming US citizens now 🤣

neutral: Build the wall. Start a go fund me page. Let’s get that money and build it.

neutral: Yet one here will acknowledge how many times act of terrorism have happened on our own land by white males.

neutral: If the Dems can't see how needed the wall is... then how can we ever trust them with anything (we as) Amaricans would ever need at all?

neutral: "What about all the school shooters? What do we do about those

neutral: The President is a member of ms13

negative: An illegal alien who had been deported 7 times killed my best friends ONLY child along with another young girl that night. He simply just snuck back in every time. Can’t help but wonder if it hadn’t been so easy to sneak back in if those poor girls would still be here.

neutral: Mr trump im so proud of the work u are doing.ive never seen any eather.prisdent like u mr trump.u have my support

negative: A disgruntled worker killed 6 people.  The problem is very simple even the dumb base can undersetand. Too many guns!  Now thats an emergency.     Fore! https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2019/02/17/us/aurora-shooting-termination/index.html

neutral: BUILD THE WALL! See what's happening when we let illegals just walk in. We need to start caring for our own country. USA! USA! USA!

negative: I  was  ın  usa  2006  and  went  to  a  ba r and  speak  some  mexıcans  tehy  tols  me  california  belongs  to  mexıcan  not  Americaan  they  said  we  hate  Americaans  and  şn  war  tehy  killed  us  and  all  my  frinds  used  to  delıver  pızza  and  they  gor  rapped  buy  black  whıte  puoetırco  guys  mexicans and  whıte  americans  and  beated  so  bad  woke  up  8  day  later  some not all imigrants bad some ok but americans treaht immigrants bad if you illegal nad shoud know U.S. has air base allmost evwry country and you have no choıse to say no?.....????

negative: I'm sure if a family member of theirs was raped or tortured or murdered they would be singing a different tune! They're only concern is for their own agenda! They do not care about the American people one iota! It sickens me that innocent lives are destroyed by the illegal actions of these illegal immigrants! I am so sorry to anyone who has been affected by this travesty of justice.

negative: "Most crimes are committed by white people

neutral: "Can we build a wall around every White American Male

neutral: it'd be easier to just get rid of you

neutral: Nothing more American than mass shootings!

neutral: Maybe if we didn't give them so many benefits to come over they wouldn't come I'm not allow them to work illegally probably get paid under the table plus government assistance

negative: YES BUILD THE WALL NO MORE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS

negative: "Weak boarders

neutral: They wasn't killers and murders when you hired them in Trump Towers.. you can't get what you want like a little boy you fallout because people don't play with you

negative: How many Americans kill people every day? What are you doing about them?

neutral: "They need to make a trench along the wall on r side about 10ft deep and 10ft wide

negative: WHITE TERRORISTS DISRUPT AMERICAN LIFES MONTHLY... WHITE TERRORISTS HAVE KILLED MORE PEOPLE THAN ILLEGALS

neutral: After living near the border and knowing people who worked for border patrol it would be wiser to bring the military home and put them on the border and get rid of the bad border patrol  !  He would win on two fronts bringing military home and saving money because they are home and can be near families and it would be better then the wall.  They should sell all majuana  to place selling it legally to raise money for wall and anyone bringing hard drugs should face a firing squad that will stop drugs and he would be re-elected.

negative: Pretty sure your highest priority is lining your own pockets while feeding a large pile of scaremongering bullshit to gullible rubes

neutral: we'll save you some crumbs

neutral: "Ron O'Hearn no need to save anything for me. I don't live in the world's most  moronic country

negative: Brett Gibson then tend your own problems

negative: Brett Gibson Brett Gibson Brett Gibson Totally ignorant spongers? No way! they're all scamming high paying jobs through the aboriginal industry and planning to use Mabo to nick your property!

neutral: Brett Gibson Brett Gibson And they're darkies!! 1

neutral: "After u laid of 800k Americans

negative: What a poor misinformed individual . I'm glad that I never had to be in a warzone with you. !

negative: trump is a moron. how many angrys can i get for this?

negative: Send all illegal aliens back and their anchor babies

negative: Pres Trump-  The Democrats left you with no choice but to declare a national emergency.  Your supporters stand behind your decision.  -a former Democrat 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸TRUMP 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

neutral: We need one arround Puerto Rico to keep the illegals out😂😂😂

neutral: Wall and electric fence +drones with guided missiles please President.

negative: An illegal imigrant killed a girl in my home town and forever changed the life of another!

neutral: "If you really cared about the lives of American families

negative: "Why didn't Trump build a wall two years ago when he had a majority in Congress...Because it was not an emergency. Illegal border crossings and apprehensions have been declining for nearly two decades

neutral: you should have been more up to date on current affairs then and you would know why...smh

neutral: "and theyre on a steady increase now...60

neutral: Enough is Enough!!!!! Prayers....Get this wall up!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸😢

negative: "If I was a Mexican criminal

neutral: What about all the legals here who commit mass killings? Should we build a wall to keep them in?

neutral: "Trump will take Billions from the Military

neutral: "Yesterday

negative: "Illegals coming into our country that add no value to our system

neutral: What about school shooting? Those are immigrants as well?

negative: And the tunnels under the wall? Will the wall stop them too??

neutral: Take the $14bil seized from El Chapo and build that wall!!! You can then bypass all of the crooked congress that want the drugs here-#winwin Donald J. Trump

neutral: Me myself don't like my tax dollar going to support illegals jumping our boarders just for the free ride it has to stop

negative: But all who live in america are illegal immigrants except ppl who have indian roots 😉

neutral: Build the wall and start hanging democrats from it

neutral: "When I post on here !! I hope im giving you good advice. If you want to end this Socialist calling card. That the Democrats are using as a tactic.They want to attract people who are living paycheck to paycheck. You have a history of renting properties. Affordable housing is a major problem. It is swinging hard working Americans to the left. You could ruin this for Nancy and her crew. You could be the champion of the working poor. You need to start a program to subsidize rent based on income. You could fund it by putting a small tax on All rental properties and corperations

negative: Uh I'm sure 1000x more daughters are killed by legal citizens than are killed by illegal immigrants.

negative: "A wall will not stop drugs and illegals

negative: "No.   You are wrong.   Perhaps we should ban WHITE men/boys because of the mass murders they committed.  The Las Vegas murders

neutral: OLIVER NEWTRON BOMB PREDATOR WHITE SMOKIN LOL ARNIE NO PIGS HEART DRAGON

neutral: "If Pelosiphy has wall

negative: We also need Congress to change the laws to stop catch and release. Send them straight back if they are caught illegally. This release within 20 days because the courts so backlogged will never get fixed otherwise.

negative: Build the wall! So many jobs and money wasted on illegals.

neutral: "What’s so terrible about a wall? A wall is great

negative: A walk MUST be built. Maybe some of the liberals that are against the wall should have one of their children or a family member killed/murdered by one of these illigal immigrants. Just maybe they would change their mind and be supportive in building this so needed wall.

neutral: The Parkland shooter was a native-born American the killer in the factory in Illinois was a native-born American not immigrants 8 billion dollars for wall is stupid when people in California have burned homes to the ground when people in Puerto Rico are struggling still America can help not only at home but across the pond Haiti Venezuela wake up Trump better yet get out

neutral: "If a wall would have saved your daughter and you have proof of that

negative: And another illegal killed a girl 27yrs of age

negative: "what Should we do about white men? Because they are seriously a problem? They are most likely serial killers

neutral: "Bull$hit! Trump doesn’t care about anything but his own sorry

neutral: Build a better judicial system. 40 yrs for selling pot? A slap on the fanny and some cool zip tie cuffs for jumping the border? Sarry....biff law

negative: Yes... What happens when  white kill  Black.. Hispanic.. Asian. Same white an kill Police officers..

negative: The illegal alien was drunk and driving a stolen truck running people off the road. My uncle was coming home from the grocery store. This should never of happened.

neutral: "Of course walls work

neutral: "Demoncrates couldn’t care less

negative: An illegal immigrant killed my Uncle. Had been deported twice.

neutral: I have seen people driving whom cannot speak or read english and the signs are in English. I've seen them drive 18 wheel trucks and come and ask for directions how to go somewhere. Companies hire illegals.

neutral: "Someone on here is a whiney baby that reports everything to Facebook because they can't handle the truth. Walls do work and have worked for centuries.  If you can't handle the truth don't go onto these threads. People who report comments to Facebook when the comments aren't even hateful

negative: Maaaaaaan yall stupid if you think a wall ganna stop immigrants im laying here with 5 of my cousins who climed over it 🤣🤣 just 2 days ago

negative: NOT ALL ILLEGAL IMMIRGARNTS ARE THE SAME🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️

neutral: I'm sure that the decent people in this country support this wall

negative: https://www.facebook.com/341163402640457/posts/2436705443086232/  What about this you fucking clown????

negative: "Well what about the HOME GROWN white men's killing people in churches

neutral: Well said to hear and see for sure but bad news from TEXAS MAGA country.  El Paso has filed a law suit against Trump  I thought there was a HUGE Rally ?  well yes they were bused in true  Gov't has taken acres of land from an old couple to put up a fence they don't want.  What is going on is the Texas Romance over ??

negative: "you bunch of brain washed cock heads will be the death of all of the human race 

negative: "White domestic terrorists kill more people than undocumented immigrants. The President should be doing something to solve crises

negative: An illegal alien bastard murdered my godson.  May all MS-13 animals rot in hell.  I stand with the President.  BUILD THE WALL...and crime will fall.

negative: WALL WE NEED THE WALL --- Stupid Dem's will get us all killed

negative: Too bad it wasn't PELOSI'S or Schumer's kid...sad for these parents

negative: Are you fucking kidding me we give illegal immigrants 155million  a year in welfare.

neutral: "WITH GOD'S HELP AND OUR PRAYERS AND YOUR DETERMINATION

neutral: Build the wall ! Impeach pelosi ! Pray for the Father and his passed daughter.

neutral: "GOD İS NOT HUMAN. How does he become a child ? Who created Mary. you don't think !!!            KURAN  CHAPTER 112 ihlas verses In the name of Allah

neutral: "Murat Aktaş  It is mentioned in the Qur'an that Jesus is the spirit of Allah 

neutral: "Hany Kamel QURAN CHAPTER  3 AL-İ İMRAN VERSES 59  The likeness of Jesus in Allah's sight is that of Adam: He created him from dust

neutral: Could have been an American citizen. Too..just like all mass shootings!!!!!

negative: Point is we don't want to add to the criminal element already here! Come here legally  -  PERIOD!!!!!

neutral: "Reread my comment

negative: Kerri Siegler Stockin you live in the city with the most crime of anywhere in the country. None of them are immigrants there

neutral: "Bahahaha!! Yeah

neutral: #Trump2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸 #BuildTheWall There is no doubt Trump solidified his second term...the man is unstoppable! 👊🏻💪🏻🇺🇸

negative: "there are criminals everywhere

neutral: "You're a plonker

negative: South Korean communist fake president Moon Jae - in tries to control the online use of South Koreans. I can not advise Trump if the sns are controlled.  South Korea 's fake President Moon Jae - in must be punished like Hussein of Iraq.

negative: "It’s time the US Government gets sued for tortious negligence for breach of duty in protecting our citizens.  This will put an end to the Liberal open boarders agenda

negative: "If you're anti wall

neutral: "we need more than a

negative: "Then do something about the Mass Murders. You have the power to make change

negative: Well a white guy killed my relatives.

neutral: People on government assistance support a wall the taxpayers have to pay for.

negative: Illegal immigrant saved the life of two police officers in Houston pulling them out of a burning squad car.

negative: You're never gonna convince Democrats who are mentally ill.

negative: "We are. Let them try and sue him. Eyes dont lie.  Honestly

neutral: "Funny how all the mass shootings are done by white people 

negative: "Trying to figure out who's opinion I should trust more  CIA NSA  FBI Homeland El Paso has filed a lawsuit on recent visit El Paso Gov't did not attend Trump Rally ?? 

negative: """I dont care. I believe Putin."" Are u fucking kidding me?!?! #Traitor #PutinPuppet #BenedictDonald #Individual1 #ITMFA"

neutral: yes all way they are  ilegalls  shoplifter  and living in this country for free

neutral: Now tell me Aurora shooter was here legally? Slovenian I think so

neutral: Walls work throw da tards over with their buddys

negative: Liberals care more for illegal invaders and criminals than Americans.  Thank GOD for President Trump!  MAGA

neutral: """No matter what you do

negative: 1 2 3 Leave our country Chuck and Nancy leave our country Chuck and Nancy Repeat & Share  🥰

negative: there should be a wall build around all europe to stop imigrants from north africa

negative: A white man with a shitty haircut killed my brother. Guess we gotta ban trump too. Just to be safe.

neutral: Build a 30’ wall. They’ll build a 35’ ladder. Bury the wall 30’. They’ll dig a 35’ deep tunnel. This is what a Hispanic man said.

neutral: From Quebec - Canada - You're Right Mr. President Trump - You're doing a great JOB at White House in all areas - Just Fake News and people as them don't agree.  Stay strong with all your near collaborators - You are FANTASTIC  WORKING in the right way tirelessly to get the BEST.  Thanking you to be there - Love - Support- Respect - Pride since Day 1.

negative: I totally agree especially here in California where the criminals have more right than the victims.

neutral: TRUMP IS A JOKE!!!!!!!! TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE A BUNCH OF IDIOTS!!!!

neutral: "is not the wall 

neutral: You .... are a country made of immigrants .... 🤦🏻‍♂️

negative: It's about time to put the fucking baboons in check! Sick of all the squabbling! We need a wall asap and those who disagree can leave this country! Why do people have locks on doors? To keep the ones that don't belong out.

negative: Then deport all of the insurgents currently sitting in detention. Sweep the American Southwest house by house and remove them all.

negative: Im sick of this lunatic using families like its a parade... Sickening.

neutral: A bunch of white American males are responsible for the mass shootings in this country.

neutral: "Tony Lamb .org  I HAD A DREAM!   I have had many end times dreams.   In my dreams I saw the destruction of America. America (Babylon) is Entering Judgement.  I saw nuclear weapons going off in most major American cities. I saw two Asteroids hit the earth. One of these Asteroids caused a Tsunami that was several hundred feet high to hit America's East coast. I saw A mega-earthquake on the west coast that caused two other faults to rip wide open causing another massive Tsunami on the West Coast. Then these earthquakes caused several major Volcanoes to erupt. I saw America ripped in half by the New Madrid fault ripping America in half from the Great Lakes down to New Orleans and this was up to hundreds of miles wide at some points.  America's heartland was turned into a great sea between two continents. And yes I saw Yellowstone erupt with a massive eruption. I was above the earth witnessing all this. But then I zoomed down and in close and I saw civil war in America. I saw Americans shooting and bombing other American's. I saw paper money blowing down the street and no one gave it a thought as it was worthless paper.  Everyone was starving and people were eating bugs

neutral: "We have 30 million illegals here now

negative: "This is disgusting abuse of facts. Illegal immigrants have lower crime rates than Americans. To single out specific cases

negative: Carsten Adsersen.   How incredibly stupid a comment is that? Senior citizens partake in far less murders then people in their 20s.  Does  this mean we don't enforce the law against senior citizens? Liberals are so stupid

neutral: "-Linda  Reese  Walston  

neutral: All the mass shootings I believe have been committed by white Americans.

negative: Until Prisons are safe of Drugs and Crime then we should support a Wall.  A National Emergency should have been when School Kids were Slaughtered by White men with AR's.. Let that sink in Chump..

negative: AND THEN SHOOT TO KILL ANY ONE TRYING TO JUMP OVER

negative: "Protect us from Russia then jerk. And btw without illegals

neutral: "4. Day 758 of 1462 (Illegitimate Presidency) - Collusion! REMINDER - Roger Stone is a close personal friend of Donald J Trump! NOT like Mueller and Comey

negative: What about the natives born terrorists who kill our children and families on a daily basis?

neutral: "Tear down the doors of any politicuan who is against the wall

neutral: Geez--of course sympathy to him and I am sorry to see drumf use you for a photo-op

negative: "ILLEGALS NEED TO BE DEPORTED FOR THIS STUFF!!  Not put in jail

neutral: Ginny Johnson  👏👏👏

neutral: "JOKE  An Englishman

negative: "That’s ok with the 💩 on the left . Kill babies unborn and already born 

neutral: "Here in Germany we have thousands illegal migrants... Its not nice

negative: who killed those FIVE people in Aurora and FIVE in rural Texas ? Don't they count?

neutral: "Nancy Pelosi and Democrats have not negotiated in good faith to fund a wall at our Southern Border

negative: What about all the white American males that have killed 100s of innocents people including young children with assault rifles? Yet 45 hasn’t done crap to implement common sense gun laws. He’d rather feed you this BS.

neutral: "Justice for Dominic Durden

negative: I have more problems that would make people like you scream mama. But I' m a disabled vet who gave an oath to protect my country when only 18 and 40 years later that oath is as strong as then. You want to talk about money that could be used instand of a wall. Then lets take your money and pay for all the death cause by the illegals and for all the pain. Want about the over Crowded schools the medical thats payed for by the american tax payers. And don't forget the money that's payed out for the useless democrats in washington. Get some commen sence. Yours truly a real american and not some wimpy candy assed powerpuff snowflake fake american. 🤠🇺🇸😘.

negative: "Photo of Florida School Shooting Victims

negative: https://mediaassets.abcactionnews.com/photo/2018/02/16/wptv-parkland-victims-tease_1518799799536_78153451_ver1.0_640_480.jpg

negative: KEEP UP THE HARD WORK PROTECTING AMERICAN CITIZENS MR. PRESIDENT!!!  we the people who voted you in office WANT OUR BORDERS PROTECTED... OF COURSE THE LEFT WILL GO AGAINST ANYTHING YOU WORK HARD TO MAKE HAPPEN! #MAGA No family should lose a loved one bc an illegal alien killed their loved one!!!

neutral: yup

neutral: """Against that backdrop

negative: I would be on the border with an AR and lots of ammo...when as Americans are we going to stop this crap...

negative: Every death of an American by an illegal immigrant is on the hands of the Democrats.  The truly sad part is that they don't care.

negative: Should of moved back to Europe. She woulda still been alive. Oh well another illegal European gone.

negative: "The sick idiots who are laugh reacting this post are the problem. Let's exchange them for legal immigrants. Give the immigrants all of their possessions

neutral: well diaper donny lied to you his wall will be tied up in the judicial system and won't get built just another one of his lies

neutral: "2/3rds of illegals came here legally and overstayed their visas

negative: Illegal immigrant commit a crime: we need a wall kick all of them out White boys shooting up schools: He was a lonely boy he just needed a hug.😐😐😐

negative: "Build that wall !! How do nuts like Nancy & Chuck have so much power that they can and DO stop America from being safe ?? And this Nancy woman lectures us about walls being immoral ??? She is a very sick person. Build that wall PLEASE ! I have kids

negative: "Too bad we can’t trade all these families loved ones who are killed by illegals with family members of these democratic fucks. Hopefully these democratic fuckers lose their family members to illegals. Then maybe they’ll see why we need security. But I bet that AOC cunt could have her whole family raped

negative: "Laura Calderwood hated the sound of her daughter's name — Mollie Tibbetts — coming from Pres. Trump's mouth as he sought to use her death to drum up anti-immigrant sentiment.  Laura is living her rebuttal: She has taken in a teen named Ulises

negative: "the troops hate you sir....... war veterans from ""shithole"" countries hate you

negative: White citizens shoot up schools all the time. Time to kick the whites out and back to england!

negative: So now he supports 45? Last year he told 45 to stop using his daughter as excuse to be a shitty person. SMH all you ignorant asses kiss my round black ass. What do we build for all the white boys shooting up schools and bars? More privileged institutions to continue to protect their futures? Keep Amerikkka great.

negative: How many have been killed by white right wing terrorists?

negative: So when white guys with guns walk into s school a shoot our kids by the dozens .. that’s a not a problem but singular murders.... that’s a national emergency?

neutral: "Trump hires undocumented workers? Just five of the 565 companies in President Trump’s business empire are signed up to use E-Verify

negative: "Do you think we're STUPID

negative: The vast majority of illegal immigrants that cross the southern border enter this country do so in cars through ports of entries how is the wall going to stop them?

neutral: "Jason O'neal  A lot just cross the desert

negative: Paulo Americo Rocha very few attempt crossing the desert it is a very long and arduous Journey through train that most of the year will kill you from dehydration in less than a day.  I assure you it is much easier and more common for someone to hop in the trunk of a car then it is to cross the Sonoran Desert.

negative: Some of you are just missing the whole point of the fact illegal means illegal no matter if they are killers or sweet little old ladies...ILLEGAL means they are not supposed to be here without going through the immigration laws and procedures...smh

negative: why build a wall that can be tunneled under . makes no sense to me...

neutral: "ohh Jesús still in the mood 

negative: A Republican killed my co-worker. Deport them all.

neutral: Shame is not in thier vocabulary. I support the wall all the way.

negative: You guys raped the Mexicans along time ago REMEMBER

negative: "U.S. Law Enforcement Failed to See the Threat of White Nationalism. Now They Don’t Know How to Stop It.  For two decades

negative: Trump needs tofuck off   hes a self serving bastard

negative: Sorry for you loss. Illegals should be deported immediately.

neutral: "Build the wall then dig a mote next to it so that they can’t dig under it 

negative: "The Great Hoax of Open border (ILLEGAL) Immigration Policies will be exposed by history as one of the most evil and corrupt actions by our Capitalist Political Establishment. It benefits those with capital who want to employ cheap labor. Our middle-class and low income disproportionately suffer the ill effects and social burden of this sick self serving policy. That’s assuming all illegal immigrants we welcome here aren’t criminals but just good people appreciative of the opportunity to bare racial and economic discrimination for the many opportunities USA provides. Criminals

negative: "A wall is not going to stop immigrants all together!!  Let's change the laws.  No more welfare assistance

negative: "People who come to this country illegally and commit crimes and don’t respect America and it’s laws make me sick

negative: "The wall is a way to nip it in the bud. If stopped at the border

negative: Build The Wall Mandatory E-verify Pass RAISE NumbersUSA.com

negative: "White ppl being brainwashed are killing ppl in churches

negative: "Protecting Americans when u r threatening to release 800 isis fighters? So our children (not yours of course) fought and died for what? And those left To live and fight these guys again?  “ISIS-controlled territory is shrinking in Syria

negative: we need the wall built it is a disgrace to the United States of America what has happened to the Democratic party they have destroyed their selves they are hypocrites and Liars the truth is coming out they tried to overthrow our government

neutral: Build the Wall! Enought is enought.

negative: Illegals killing our people is only a very small majority why don't you people look at the facts

negative: And what about all the illegal immigrants working at your hotel's you're a moron. #donaldtrump

negative: This illegal should be hung !

negative: Okay you got one illegal immigrant against 20 homegrown American terrorists how is the wall going on protect you

neutral: "NOT ONLY DO WE NEED THAT WALL

negative: Secure our border and prevent criminals from being exported to our shores

negative: What about husbands who beat their wives? Should they be in the White House—you filthy piece of trash.

negative: Even the Mexican citizens don't want them and are telling them to go back where they came from...it is a problem...lots are unruly young men...the wall will at least funnel them to places they can be turned around...oh...congress fixed that...now they stay...but forgot the $$$ in that bill to care for and house the ones turned loose in our beautiful country...sad situation.

negative: This is a shame that we have lost any brother or family member! Politicians it will come to you some day more especially you corrupt shits that call yourself our representatives of the people!I call bullshit! When and if it does I do not want to hear one word of grief nor television media about it! Just live with it and move on because the Immigrants are not the problem! YOU POLITICIANS ARE THE WHOLE PROBLEM!  Build the damn wall Trump!

negative: "Mass shootings by domestic white male terrorists is the National Emergency in this country

neutral: White American men kill the most Americans every year. True fact. What keeps me safe from them?

neutral: "Margo Smith wow

neutral: Those white inner city shootings in Chicago are out of control

negative: Margo Smith really?  Where do you get that information?  Did you know 50% of the violent crime in America is committed by 13% of the population.  That 13% ain't white.

neutral: Zdenka Udovicic  what is the problem with my statement? It is a fact followed by an ironic question. Maybe your English isn’t good enough to understand the point of what I wrote?

negative: What about gun laws asshole

negative: What about families killed in shootings by white unstable Americans don’t see u doing anything about that

neutral: "There are so many stories like this

neutral: Baci Trump Drw83 God Bles Jam Duke Then 35 Here Decret Congratulations Great Republic Of Baci Albania Drw83 God Bles Jam Duke Then 35 Here Decret Support Protect And Congratulations Great Republic Of Baci America Drw83 Jam Duke 35 O UAD With Original Adn UAD 02.04.1983 We Replace each Other But I Put Wall Into Kolashin Kopavnik Merdare 35 Cilometres More Inside From Serbia Into Corners Presheva Bujanofc Metvega Till In Red Rug Tart Apple Pom And I With Draw Not Legitimys Actually Forces Serbians Into Presheva Bujanofc Metvega And Others  And How you Cold This Treangle Treanglo No no bre Bifore How you say Sangjak Afte Discover vuqic Only Speak Serbe Serbe Jedinice Do mbulucice Do Qeku Cicero EskipOk Did You Have Alb People Yes VeryMuch And Wat is this Word Presidentata And What this Wear no Wore back But From Greece And Baci Alksis Cipras Eskip Do Vesh Do Cipri Eskip Taip Erduan Ajde Turk yrynde  Back Albanians Toplicyrnde  And Others

neutral: FINISH THE WALL WITH ELECTRIC THROUGH IT FOR SURE AND THE BEST DETECTORS  THAT IS MADE IN AMERICA ALL THE MATERIALS SHOULD BE. PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE BESTLEADER NOT ONLY IN AMERICA AND COUNTRIES AROUD THE WORLD ADMIRE YOU SIR AND PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD ARE WAKING UP. I WISH ALL AMERICANS WILL DO THE SAME WAY.

negative: "What about white citizens in South Africa.. stuff here is getting outta hand with all the farm murders.. it's being kept away from the news etc.. please

negative: "Build the wall and in same time sand all illegal immigrants back where they come from. You will see difference in over economy. Unemployment O

negative: How many more must die til we get a wall??

negative: "Most of them are CRIMINALS

neutral: BULLDOZE THE WALL!👎

neutral: Trump is a scottish rite freemason and member of the kkk

negative: Create an executive order that all democrats have to tear down the walls around their homes and must accommodate illegal immigrants.

neutral: "I’ll bet that Nobel Prize will look great on the mantle under the stuffed elephant head

negative: Round them up and deport them.

negative: You are a disgrace to the human species.

negative: "And a young white male killed all the Kids in Parkland High School.....what is your point????? Do we do a BIBLICAL CLEANSING"" and neutralize  all young white males of a certain age bracket???? See how silly this is??????????"

negative: BUILD THE WALL!!!!!   STOP THE INVASION!!!!    No amnesty.    Get in line like our ancestors did!!!

neutral: Trump is gay

negative: Ohh I am so sorry I am just 💓 broken and angry to keep hearing about these stories of families that are horribly hurt and affected by the awful illegals coming into OUR country.... BUILD THE WALL ... keep them OUT 😥

negative: Deport all Americans you must be including yourself then

neutral: You retards are making this orange sack of cum think he's the best president ever . . Stop it !

negative: Stu Brierley Hey brit! Men like this saved your worthless ass in WW2!

negative: my heart go out to you but how did the Illegal immigrants get in the country I bet it was at the point of entrance

neutral: Wall not fence

negative: "Having illegal immigrants in our country has gone long enough. We’ve lost a lot of good Americans because these dirty/filthy illegal immigrants that wants to damned this great nation of freedom

neutral: "I would love to see a program like 60 minutes take a camera crew to the towns along the Mexican

neutral: lolol Liar!!!!!!!!!

negative: "An illegal from El Salvador murdered my cousin

negative: This only helps to spread fear and hate amoung ignorants.

negative: Sorry for all the loss of lives to our people.  The illegals shouldn’t have even been here....  we are just learning how corrupt many of our Congressmen/women and senators are...much of this death and dying is their fault for not upholding the laws of our land already in place..

negative: We need the wall but we need to staff our wall with our military men and woman. If they attempt to cross our boarder we have every right to eliminate that illegal immigrant to extent of power we need to use up to and including death

negative: "Children killed in Sandy Hook

neutral: https://www.kveller.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/Screen-Shot-2017-12-14-at-2.26.44-PM-1200x734.png

negative: This also could be a White american (criminal) Who drunk to much! We are living on the same planet and are the same species.

neutral: Immigrants can use ladders!

negative: "Dems seems to forget about all the people affected by illegal immigrants. From murders

negative: So because most shooters are male and white - all white men on round the clock surveillance and barred from ownig weapons then? A white man strangled his whole family here in Colorado and there’s much more problem with American terrorists then illegal ones.

neutral: "trump's uneducated

negative: Mr. Trump! destroy the deep state and build the wall!

negative: NO FACILITIES...BUS THEM HOME!

negative: No more murdered Americans

negative: Why this dude head remind me of a thick booty bitch lol

neutral: you are brainwashed

negative: They are illegal aliens

neutral: Build the Wall!!!!! Hurry

negative: wait till one of them have a wreck into nancy or chucks family

neutral: now if it was a demovrat president no one would say anything if he wanted a wall  they would all agree but since its a republician pres its a different story

negative: An illegal alien killed my niece.

negative: "I pray that all you folks that support these idiots that are fighting Trump on The Wall never have to feel the horror of losing a child or any family member to violence or drugs brought here by these illegals

neutral: An immigrant saved my brother from being robbed

neutral: "PENTAGON ILLUMINATI...!!! Are you interested in joining the great illuminati

neutral: Why do they have fiveheads?

neutral: And electrify it.

negative: "They haven't only killed but raped pillaged and plundered their way across America. Sure there are some decent ones. But when a child of illegal parents tell me this is their country and it doesn't belong to me or any American my blood boils. That they have the right to be here. Its their country

negative: Too bad it wasn’t one of theirs.

negative: You're all brainwashed slaves

negative: "This is the Real National Emergency! At the very least

negative: 2020 Trump & BEYOND. Enough with all the illegal invaders build the wall and send all them back......

negative: "Shameful.exploitation of family pain. Now multiply that pain by the hundreds that have been killed in mass shootings by white males. Guess we should expell all young white males for these terrible crimes. Sounds stupid

negative: Illegal aliens people they are not  immigrants.

neutral: Jail2020

neutral: Build the wall!! Save our children

negative: Even one death is to many !🇺🇸

negative: Including all the gun deaths that are created by Americans like in Illinois yesterday?

neutral: "American people will receive a smaller refund this year after filing their income tax returns. The Republican/Trump tax cuts is a big scam that only benefits the rich. That's all Paul Ryan wanted; he got it and ran away.    “Lower tax refunds might hurt the economy. If Americans are getting less money back

neutral: Luis  López Good luck with that! Smh

neutral: Wait til Melania Trump says she was sexually abused by Donald Trump and his SUPPORTERS will chant lock her up...lock her up... And his Crowd is Cheering him on!!!!😳

neutral: "It is not an iligal immigrant

neutral: Electrify the wall

negative: "A illegal immigrant killed my friend georgia

neutral: Screw trump

neutral: IF NO WALL NOTHING WILL MATTER!

negative: "🐷""An illegal immigrant...""😂😂😂👉🐽"

neutral: Thank you for your dedication and service to the American people.. we all ( except the crazy ones) stand behind you all the way... Blessings to you and your family always....🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸✝️✝️✝️

negative: An illegal immigrant is someone who failed to give government $1000 for paper to get his/her Visa. The wall is just to secure payment is all. The illegal that killed this person bought gun from a legal American citizen what gives.

negative: Why has the left fixated on nothing but a blank monumental slab of wall when Trump has repeatedly stated listen to the people on the border and what they need is what he's after . Some days I just cannot fathom the level of ignorance from the opposition 😑

negative: Bryan Davis the people on the border are actually suing Trump because they don't want the wall.

neutral: Kirsten Larson Anderson the people I don't know any individuals it's all being paid for by the Democratic party

neutral: Kirsten Larson Anderson and Destin to loose say hello to supreme Court Justice kavanaugh.

negative: Bryan Davis being paid for by the democratic party you are a conspiracy theorist then and I will no longer waste my time talking to you

neutral: Kirsten Larson Anderson thank God

neutral: "If protecting people was your priority

negative: Build The Wall. Deport Them All!

neutral: Secure the border now!

negative: Build the wall nd less crime

negative: OMG how stupid

neutral: "Mr President

neutral: Deportation works better

neutral: Need to execute illegals!!!

negative: BUILD THAT WALL. HOW MANY MORE HAVE TO DIE?

neutral: Call your senator and have them pass (S.939 - EL CHAPO Act) NOW This is how we can fund the wall  https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/939/text

neutral: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-picked-donald-trump-and-ran-him-president-former-israeli-intelligence-1273009?fbclid=IwAR2ZhSvbdvhYPLlyNrN9kIluTQhI3BX7WtuAJvg1_Xz3IYpYImOk9nx96as

negative: "So sorry for the loss of   beautiful daughter 

negative: illegal killers

neutral: We must 6ft under illegals

negative: Glad all your kids got killed by illegals. You fucking liars.

neutral: "Alfonso Rico

negative: Alfonso Rico is a father fucker

negative: DONALD TRUMP BITCH

negative: "Liar

negative: American people kill people too...

neutral: Build that fence! Build that fence!

negative: 👏👏 👏 I'd put gun turrets on it

negative: "Do not use the same emotional appeal bullshit the liberals use to further your agenda!   Focus on the financial cost of illegal immigration

neutral: https://www.democracynow.org/2019/2/15/headlines/parkland_shooting_survivor_emma_gonzalez_we_fight_our_trauma_by_fighting_against_gun_violence

negative: We need to arm up and shoot on sight

negative: Mexico has ladders you fucking orange moron.

neutral: "Worley Michael and the US has cameras

negative: Illegal ALIEN; not immigrant.

neutral: Treating immigrants as ET!

negative: No more illegals should step foot into our country

neutral: "Spai

negative: Whilst all those parents with kids killed by a lunatic American with a gun get zero justice.

negative: You fool. One day you know it.

neutral: "ANGEL MOMS

negative: "REASONS SOCIALIST DEMOCRATS DON’T UNDERSTAND IF YOU CROSS THE NORTH KOREAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET 12 YEARS HARD LABOR.  IF YOU CROSS THE IRANIAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU ARE DETAINED INDEFINITELY.  IF YOU CROSS THE AFGHAN BORDER ILLEGALLY

neutral: "Reduce guns and USA would become safer very quickly. But sure

negative: oh please! americans are killing americans by the thousands every day!!!! look at the news! Man having an affair with co-worker kills pregnant wife an 2 children! i guess thats ok because he was white and a cheater! go pound sand!!!

negative: Dawn Joseph-Hernandez not the point idiot illegal why cant you idiots understand illegal is against the law

negative: so is killing people. its not a national emergency! use common sense please!

negative: and to respond to Jay Lytle! you are illegal!!! you live on stolen lands from true americans that are struggling on reservations now! Wake up!

neutral: YOU  WIMP   YOU  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  GET  TO  THE  PERSON WHO KILLED  YOUR  DAUGHTER  BUT  YOU  CAN  FINE  ONE  OF  THE  ONES  HELPING   HIM

negative: "Also needs to be a crime to hire

negative: because he was killed by a illegal alien does not make him special cause pet capita more nin illegals kill then illegal. you guys are just pawns of trump. he didnt give a hoot who died in cgarkittville..but if it's an illegal alien he uses it for his agency. he sargued nothing a tear after parkland but that would not mean anything to his base Wake up

negative: If an illegal kills my daughter I will be killing the socialists just a heads up

neutral: What about all the white men who committed mass murder you f*** is kill me you only want to acknowledge s*** that's good for you f*** you Donald Trump

negative: http://wgntv.com/2019/02/16/victims-identified-in-aurora-shooting-gunman-had-prior-felony-conviction/

negative: DIGUSTING POS that you are  - to use the death of a child for political purposes is about as low as a cockroaches belly  May you be a one term president and retire permanently to Florida

neutral: "Meanwhile 34

neutral: "Hey President Donald J. Trump! I am going to be BOLD here. I hope SOMEONE reading UNDERSTANDS! POTUS

neutral: YES!  NOW!

neutral: "Lol theres people killed daily

negative: LET'S IMPORT MORE CRIMINALS!!!- Jesus Ayala

negative: Did I say import more criminals ? I dont see that in my comment ? But you cant go around blaming immagrants for every bad thing that happens and say nothing when your own does the same.

neutral: Can we HELP VENEZUELA BUILD A WALL??? TO PROTECT FROM GAYDO AND 60 AND SOMETHING COUNTRIES???  I INSIST YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. AND MY UNQUESTIONABLY SUPPORT TO YOU!!!  BUT WHEN IT COMES TO VENEZUELA ???  I DON'T KNOW IF YOU??? BUT THE US IS NOT DOING THE RIGHT THING!!!

neutral: thats something both parties would agree on but it must be a united country first

neutral: Ron O'Hearn   Thanks for commenting But can you be More specific???  I wouldn't agree if our prime Minister gets Marco Rubio and tells and says you are going to be the PRESIDENT!!!! Just because 40 countries  agree to  that!  While Mr Trump still is the PRESIDENT!!!  That would NOT BE JUST IT WOULD BE A VIOLATION OF THE LAW AND MUCH MORE.

negative: "Sad when we loose our family members to ILLEGAL imagrants! Even worse when polosi and Schumer Cortez 

neutral: "Flint Michigan is still without clean water

neutral: Now just change the immigration laws. No more Sanctuary City status!  No more housing and feeding illegals. All the money spent thus far spent on illegals could have built a Great Wall to protect us. Dems like to frivolously spend our money.   Safety for Americans first!

negative: BUILD THAT WALL MR PRESIDENT!  THE BEST AND MOST TRUSTWORTHY PRESIDENT WE HAVE EVER HAD! WHEN YOU SAY YOUR GOING TO DO SOMETHING YOU ACTUALLY DO IT! I GIVE YOU SO MUCH CREDIT TO ACTUALLY HAVE TO FIGHT WITH OUR OWN GOVERNMENT TO KEEP OUR CITIZENS SAFE! THE DEMOCRATS ARE MORE WORRIED ABOUT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS GETTING TREATED BETTER THAN OUR OWN AMERICAN CITIZENS!  YOU DEMOCRATS MAKE US ALL SICK! AND FOR THE DEMOCRATS BACKING THE NEW GREEN DEAL! YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME!  WAKE UP THIS ISNT A FAIRY TALE YOU MORONS!

negative: Obama gave $1.5 billion to Iran and Ding Dong Nancy and Chucky the Penguin didn’t say a word; along with a whole bunch of spineless RINOS and Libs! Wake up America we are under attack!

negative: We do not need the wall! If it’s drugs coming in your worried about? That’s our problem because that wouldn’t be a problem if Americans didn’t BUY the drugs. Illegal immigrants killing people? Yes it’s bad but Americans kill more Americans than illegals do. Why don’t we make it easier to become legal so that the people who are good people wanting a better life don’t have to wait 10-12 years to come in legally. Fix America and the other issues will be way easier to fix

negative: All of you crying over illegal immigrants killing someone you know but what about all of the Americans going to schools and killing your children?? What is done about that? More Americans kill each other than illegal immigrants kill Americans.

negative: A man just slaughtered 5 innocent people in Illinois. He was angry American male... AGAIN

neutral: A home grown killer...

neutral: Kathy Finley Hayden yep so how does  a wall help us??

neutral: Karen Breunig and?  So we have murderers her and you think that means we should welcome murderers to come here?  Nope

neutral: "Police in Aurora

neutral: Bigots for Trump^

neutral: bigots? how so?

neutral: NOT bringing any more of them into the USA will make us SAFER!

negative: My son was killed by white guy but nobody cares because hes white

negative: "Martian backcountry skiers getting ready to drop in on Mars (see today's APOD

neutral: Wall border wall we need to secured citizen safety. Let keep america safe and secure against illegal immigrant

neutral: "Heart broken story shared by a loving father. We need to remove illegals because no matter what you like to call them

neutral: "What if it was your daughter

negative: "Poor impotent Donnie. FAILED to negotiate with Congress and now going to FAIL with your “emergency.”  By the time your useless vanity project makes its way through the courts

neutral: "Trump is the Best President we've had in recent history.  Israel's Secure Fence/WALL is 99.9% effective and ours can be too

negative: Build the wall and give some semi disabled and homeless and retired veterans first dibs on jobs to secure it. Boom multi tasking problems. Also train people over 55 who can pass a physical and mental health test and put it hem to work securing the wall. Look another problem solved.

negative: How about coming down on the people who Hire the illegal people.  I think there are more white middle age nuts killing people we just had another nut job shoot up a place of business in Aroura  Illinois this pas t week end.  A wall did not stop that.

negative: YOU ARE A DISGRACE!  https://youtu.be/vW-0TIZKoCo

neutral: The only thing that stopped the Mongols was the GREAT WALL OF CHINA!  The Chinese know walls work!  The DemocRATS just want a fresh supply of cocaine and drugs and new illegal voters!

negative: My brother was killed by an African American. We should divide this country in to Two parts. One with Blacks and liberals and the other half with Whites. Then only we become a safe country.

neutral: Even I am a founder of Amerasians Without Borders organization but I support the BORDER WALL.  A BIG FAT YES for the WALL A BIG FAT NO for ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS

neutral: "You traitorous tangerine testicle

neutral: "well.

neutral: "And libtards are arguing that an open border welfare state costing taxpayers billions of dollars to educate

neutral: Let's just strap up and dill with them the American way come to my neighbor hood and let's get it  the f $%in on

neutral: now idiots finally get illegal immigrants bravo you finally used your brain good job you won the special medal badge award.

negative: "You're cynically parading out grieving parents to try to create a crisis where there isn't one...meanwhile...on the anniversary of a real crisis...the mass murder at Parkland...only one of many mass murders we've suffered in the country due to your unwillingness to even mention the crisis of gun violence the the real national emergency that requires reasonable gun control.  Since 9/11 white American born males

negative: "What are you doing about ALL the drunk drivers who are not illegals and kill many many people

negative: You fucking gringos shoot up schools and ya worried about one bad immigrant shut up

neutral: Let them all come here because it is so many illegal immigrants here already and we can just move Americans to beautiful Mexico and take over there

neutral: nobody cares...she is white

neutral: We should just build military bases along the border and see how they like that. MAGA

negative: "HOW MANY white Americans shoot up schools

negative: "Omg why are you people so stupid? It makes me ashamed of you all. Engineers have said time and time again that this wall is not going to work to even be a wall much less an illegal immigration deterrent. 5 billion dollars is not even going to cover a portion of it. He has hired contractors for estimates

negative: And angry old white guys killed thousands last year. Stfu and get out of our house you pos.

negative: "No such thing as illegal they are invaders

neutral: "Betsy Hammond you may be right

negative: Deport All Liberal To Mexico!!!

negative: "Betsy Hammond most of the problems you list

negative: "White men are killing our kids in America by 12

negative: "You f**king moron this is NOT an emergency!! “I didn’t need to do this. I just want to get it done faster

negative: Russell Lehr how many innocent  people have to die before you ignorant Democrats even start to care?

negative: Andy how many innocent people have to die before you ignorant Trumpublicans even start to care and do something about gun control?

negative: "Russell Lehr The gun control is the reason people do die. Without legal gun owners

neutral: "Oh Andy

neutral: Russell Lehr Pitch in! Help build The Wall.

negative: Trump said that Mexico is going to pay for the wall Randy I'll wait!

negative: Build the Wall Crime Will Fall..... More or less most countries have walls to protect their borders..... I cannot understand Demoncrats's objection to the wall to protect their own country.... What is their hidden agenda?

negative: An illegal alien from Mexico tried to murder me. Build the wall!!!!!! #MAGA #KAG

negative: "AND ….. of course you're not doing ANYTHING with murderers and criminals and  here except saying they are very fine people ….. asshole. Daddy forgot to teach you what a heart is? Dunce! People …. white people

negative: Why don't you ever show families who lost family members by white U.S. Citizens killers?

negative: Americans kill way more and produce more crime than any other country in the world. We are number 1 in incarceration of criminals. Safe my ass Mexico is just poor and they want to come here for the benefits 95 percent of the immigrants who cross illegally are just trying to survive and 5 percent are what yall are complaining about but like I said U. S has way more criminals

negative: We as Americans should have an open season on hunting illegals and criminals

negative: "So sorry for your loss and for all the Angel Families and shame on Pelosi for not even taking time to meet with you

negative: 🤡 You directed your staff to work with the Russians to undermine our democracy.   Or you are too STUPID to see what’s going on all around you.   Which is it you worthless traitor?

neutral: "Let's say he did work with Russians 

neutral: "Dave Slüz proof ? Oh wait 

negative: George E Simpkins Jr - You are trying to argue that Trump is too STUPID to see what was going on all around him? 🤣🤣🤣🤣

negative: Dave Slüz no more than Obama was when Hillary was doing her thing while bill was factually collecting $500000 checks for speaking in Russia while Hillary was meeting with putin...but Obama literally looked the other way while he was globe trotting.

neutral: George E Simpkins Jr - You’re only fooling yourself! 🤣🤣🤣

neutral: "George E Simpkins Jr - Now that you mention it... How's that ""lock her up"" thing going?  I've checked the news and can't seem to find a record of any recent investigation

neutral: "Dave Slüz look it up...CNN and other news sources dont count 

neutral: Dave Slüz I didnt realize there was a time frame on lock her up

neutral: "George E Simpkins Jr  🤡 We’re gonna build a wall!   🤡 And military families in need of housing

negative: The Democrats know it because all of them have a wall or fence around there houses and armed guards.  Wtf

negative: "time the demorats got off their high horse and hate and obstructionism and did something for the AMERICAN PEOPLE 

neutral: "Its a huge wast of tax dollars they will just make tunnels or go over it

negative: "mr prez:  You are a mentally disturbed bully child..........look and listen to the TRUE statistics.

negative: where is the outrage for white supremist crimes killing our kids and church people??

neutral: "Put her remains on Nancy's desk

neutral: What about all those slaughtered a year ago in Florida!!!????   https://www.democracynow.org/2019/2/15/headlines/parkland_shooting_survivor_emma_gonzalez_we_fight_our_trauma_by_fighting_against_gun_violence

negative: "Just got done coming onto  a crime scene where a guy got shot and killed by a legal white guy. Too bad a wall didn't protect him...oh WAIT! I'll be sure to tell his wife and kids about your mockery about being safe.  Remember

neutral: "Its  impossible  to  bulid  the  wall  america  will  have  to  spend   billion  of  billion  of  dollar  to  create  the  wall  .

neutral: "First step build the wall

negative: "An illegal from Mexico killed my only brother 

neutral: "My Canada/Quebec need you has a President

negative: Here in carson city NV an Illegal Immigrant was going around murdering random people. He would get into a house and shoot them. The wall needs to be built!!

neutral: "Only point left is that if you like illegals and support their garbage

neutral: Bet that immigrant came in through a legal port of entry you dumbshits.

neutral: "Hey

neutral: If we can't protect our country with a wall then we will be forced to protect our country with bullets

negative: We need to deport every illegal MF out of this country.

negative: Where does the wall go for wealthy privileged american citizens who get away with rape and murder??

neutral: It's time for democrats to respect and work with our President its a shame and disgrace to see all the crooked politics coming from elected Congress men and women they all need a two term limit like the President the maybe more good would happen

negative: Tex Hartness Dems offered him 25 billion in 2018. How is that not working with him?

neutral: I'm a Vietnam era veteran i had to salute the flag every morning and respect the President ireguardless of my political preference  why can't we find a way  to get  things  done  together instead of being one sided  if it matters im Republican but I've been known to have voter democrat

neutral: The people who don't want a wall should all let the illegals live with them

neutral: A white person go on mass shooting killing more ppl! Your going to start building walls for white ppl won't go on mass shooting at school too??

neutral: I had my identity stolen by an illegal immigrant.   There are companies that help them and give them our social security numbers .   Gotta be a whole lot of them coming in if they actually have entire companies dedicated to helping them go undetected

negative: All these stories must be false or every single person in Congress would be for full and 100% border protection..... Oh ya Washington Scum of both parties have been bought and paid for to keep the border like a revolving door

negative: "I used to live next door to a lady that had three little boys. She was a white American Woman but she dated a lot of illegal immigrants later I found out that she was involved in helping them

neutral: How many bankruptcies?! https://amp.businessinsider.com/images/583470f0e02ba71c008b5ca0-750-563.jpg

negative: BUILD THE WALL NOW! NATION EMERGENCY!!  Don't believe a word those evil satanic Democrats say! They know nothing but lies!

neutral: Keeping away all illegals is not the solution to stop the killings we also have legals killing people in the country 🤔 plus building a wall is not going to make a difference there's illegals crossing the country thru the main entrance lol

neutral: "We can’t continue to let these criminals come into OUR country. Save lives. Build the wall. With the billions we save supporting these welfare bums we can invest in our veterans

negative: Vicki Squires not walk ... Everything is a false .  I Republican an A vet.. an leaved at border line over 25ry.. that is not the way all yours peaplo said..  Now you an all saying .. Hispanic or Latinos they are the only one do crimes.. lest me say in this are the people coming more crimes is white..  the products drugs in the home house.. an cultivate marijuana.. is white..

negative: Thank you President Trump for putting the safety of our Country before the Votes of ILLEGALS! There are no limits to the Hypocrisy of the Entire Democrat Party! Democrats will continue to obstruct and deny this country of the leadership we deserve!

negative: Hey when they get deported it helps make it harder to get back into the United states. We can fight them but the problem is they just come back with out a wall

negative: Just Seen Kanzlerin Merkel on TV in Bayern this woman so ridiculous not aktuelly knowing what she is talking about Polesi this Old woman  what the Hell is she doing there ???nobody knows

negative: "its sad but has nothing to do with illegal immigrants

negative: But who cares about the starving children in Africa.... OH WAIT I meant to say USA instead of Africa..... what’s really our problem here trump? I don’t think it’s a fucking wall...

negative: "I'll never listen to what liberals/democrats have to say ever again. It's always doom and gloom.  They want to keep people afraid so they cling to government. When I was a kid it was ""The Russians are coming!"" ""Nuclear war!"" ""Dont use aerosol! The ozone layer is disintegrating!"" ""The stock market is going to crash!"" Way to scare little kids.  Now its: ""The world is going to end in 12 years if we don't go green!"" ""Cows fart too much!"" ""We need open borders!""  Wtf is wrong with them? Out of touch psychos."

negative: Let’s just start killing illegals🤷🏻‍♂️Maybe nut job Nancy and cry baby Chuck will actually care then. Along with the rest of the anti American Democratic Party. They sure as hell don’t care about Americans.

negative: "This is a war on Americans perpetrated by the Democrats desperate for new voters. They want absolute power

negative: Another shooting another American does the shooting.No wall would stop this.

negative: And a white man in Colorado murder his pregnant wife a kid.

negative: a man...race has nothing to do with nothing except for racists

negative: Walls don’t stop murders. Walls don’t keep illegals out. Walls don’t do anything but satisfy a mentally defective old man’s base of support and those people are screwballs and failures.

negative: Jeff Abramowitz yes they do dumb ass.

negative: Fred Diaz—you poor simp. Didn’t you just get released from a mental institution?

neutral: "Closed minded people in this country . How about if we use that money and spend it on veterans and other important things that we need here ? Everyone is acting like immigrants are coming here to kill Americans

negative: When an illegal kills a US citizen they should be shot ASAP.

negative: "If the cheeto really want to stop the ilegal Inmigration enforce the company’s to stop hire people with out a green card and problem solve

negative: "I'm very sorry for you and your family loss cause this liberal Democrats dont care when happened to our citizens in our country

negative: Why isn't it a state of emergency that our children are dying by angry Americans in our schools daily??? The rate of homicides by immigrants is minuscule and they contribute far more to our economy than Trump will ever admit (despite documentation he tried to suppress from his administration proving so).

negative: "Trump actively hires illegal immigrants at his properties. Republicans are hypocrites. They say they’re anti abortion

neutral: Complete wall....also drones...gun towers....this could all be operated from one area...control the whole border. I still like the moat idea and fill it with Florida gators. Moat should be put in south of wall.

negative: "Approximately 50% of 'illegal immigrants fly into the US. About 90% of imported drugs arrive by sea. No wall has ever worked

neutral: How about middle class white kids shooting up the schools

neutral: Yes must be a border wall. There is a reason for China building the great wall of China. How about the wall in Germany after the second WW. There must be a wall on the Mexican border to protect worms crawling into USA. Mexicans have there own standard of living and behaviour.

neutral: Kanthar Balanathan check the history books. The great wall of China did not work.

neutral: "Dave Callender Well it was built. If your line of thought is this then what is the solution to protect the worm crawling into USA. USA is full of insects now. The China wall protected to some degree of crawling of enemies anyway. I was in London in the 60 s. When I visited UK in 2002

neutral: "Ok now we get it

negative: "But our citizens have consequences.   They get deported

neutral: "Once the wall is completed

neutral: We need for the Republican Party to start advertising how the Democrats care less for the American citizen than they do for illegals and mooches.

neutral: "You don’t care one single tiny itty bitty bit about the American people. If you did

negative: "The liberal cult opposes the wall for the same reason it opposes Trump: it is at war with America

neutral: A white man commits a masacre

negative: Donald Trump is an idiot!!

negative: Just how many of us have been murdered by foreign invaders......... immigrants come in legally FOREIGN INVADERS come in illegally!

negative: "One fucking girl gets killed whose father happens to be a rich white guy who advocates Trump says that it’s all immigrants fault his daughter died. Yeah

negative: there are americans being KILLED by AMERICANS . worry about these foolish ass american before the immigrants please .

negative: And a white man!! Killed my friend

neutral: "This has been in the works for 15 years

neutral: "Just watched the Democrats all wearing white in the senate but i couldn't see their honourable reverend jim jones maybe pelosi has him doing her outlandish speeches in her office 

negative: Build the fucking wall and stop illegal aliens.  #Trump2020

negative: "If you really cared about American families you’d stop sucking at the NRA and arms lobbiest tits. Any murder is a tragedy but percentage wise

negative: A white legal citizen shot my friend and killed him and only got 6 years see theres always a story

negative: To Patrick P-Huneault seriously this is your level of understanding???!!!  No one said illegals are mostly bad people. We R saying illegals commit crimes and shouldnt be here. Your comment is truly asinine.

neutral: "Keep doing whah you are doing. A wall

negative: What about the white guys killing people all over the USA? How are we going to keep them out? What are we going to do to stop them? By putting up a useless wall you are trapping them inside the U.S. It’s not safe....

negative: Demoncraps don't care who they kill...😡

neutral: When your right 5 drug arrest in Torrington connecticut usa .they get thumbs up .i have 11 years clean off cocaine herion opiotes .wasn't easy but i did it the wall yes it is a done deal 😎 have a great day mr president

negative: "“I didn’t need to do this"". So its NOT an emergency. trump just lost another negotiation. Loser."

negative: "Legal citizens kill other citizens all the time

neutral: "Illegals cost us money!   Food stamps

negative: Oh yeah one to compare the United States of the whites of done rape killed molest children

neutral: End the fed and the welfare state.

negative: "Time for the democrat/liberal/socialists to start paying for the illegals coming into America. The TAXPAYERS are done with their stupidity. Our KIDS have College debt sitting at a billion or more

negative: 1200 American school kids were killed by guns in 2018 Manbaby in Chief! Pull your head out of your ass for 10 minutes and quit with southern border wall emergency bullshit. Grow up and lead or leave the White House and let the adults focus on governing!

negative: "Many of the people who oppose the border security in other words the wall are too ignorant to comprehend the dangers of what I call free-range illegal immigrants! Until something devastating happens to them or their family they'll never get the complete and full picture. They see these jelly brained corrupt politicians such as Pelosi and Schumer speaking on how cruel and inhumane it is to separate families at the border

negative: Next time an illegal kills a US Citizen I propose that Pelosi and Schumer be charged along with the murderer. Time them two anti American domdsic terrorist learn the consequences of their stupidity

negative: White American men kill more people than anyone else!!

negative: These are family units running from a war. Y'all forget forgiveness my wife and kids where hit by a illegal immigrate and he walked with out a signal charge yes I was mad but you have to remember it was a accident!

negative: Donald Trump is the self serving Asshole in Chief!

negative: A white male citizen just shot up an office complex. What wall will prevent that?

negative: You must back ice those dudes do thing green boys do like special ops polousi one sick girls wonder were she came from to say ice is bad I think that should pick her up and show her the real world and the rest of those wild wingers

neutral: Idiots

negative: Idiot!

neutral: I WANT TO ASK EVERY LIBERAL DEMOCRAT A VERY SIMPLE QUESTION IF WE SPEND 8.8 BILLION DOLLARS ON A SECURE BORDER WALL AND IT PREVENTS YOUR DAUGHTER FROM GETTING RAPED AND MURDERED BY AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT WOULD IT BE WORTH IT SEARCH YOUR HEART PLEASE RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION  THANK YOU 8

negative: bro bro ok y’all targeting immigrants but if a white man did it trump nevaa would’ve posted this like damn are yhu guys this blind??? Wendi DelValle And yea Srry he got shot but If a white man shot him yhu wouldn’t have pointed out that he was white T or F ???issa rhetorical questions Thassa fact sis ion care what nunna y’all say he’s notta good president or mothafuckin person and also I just noticed yhu said “illegal immigrant” uhm ma’am if he’s an immigrant he’s illegall 😆 all yah bitches supporting him gon realize one day

negative: We need to get this damn wall built so we can keep these fucking illegals and immigrants out of our country they don't belong over here there's enough of them here as it is go take over ruin somebody else's country

neutral: Pander. Pander. Pander.

negative: I am pretty sure this happens more than every one knows not just by someone getting killed but by car accidents then you as the insured get the bill for a hit and and run or other issue because these illegals do not care!

neutral: Gayle Build a WALL and cement those Democide A$$'s in the wall its self? Nancy first.

negative: Americans kill most ppl.

negative: "Everyone who’s turning the wall into a race related topic is a moron! It’s to stop illegal immigration

negative: "Coming here illegally is one thing.  No one can blame decent people for wanting a better life but when you have the wrong kind of people coming here not caring about this country or their citizens

negative: sreial killers are white amerticans  so there...........remember ted bundy he all american white boy................a wall  is not the answer............a fake emergency is not the answer....................impeach trump is the right answer.................

negative: "So after the illegals are ""blocked"" by the wall

neutral: Clown

negative: Its common sence that walls work it stops you from entering or atleast slow you down while the police get there

neutral: G0 MR TRUMP

negative: Fucking idiot

negative: Absolutely they work every other country has walls and Laws we have laws but they don't enforse our laws they just laugh that go also to our mayors in Calif. They are the worst they just want voters.

neutral: tax every single business found using illegals for workers.  use that money to build the wall. keep taxing the s*** out of them until they cant afford to use them.

neutral: "Soon our congress & the senate will look like the United Nations. A good example is  Ilhan Omar which is a result of a community of 80

negative: You’re a fucking asshole

negative: I wish our president would just get his pen out and declare a national emergency! These socialist Democrats are nothing but traitors to the safety of our country!!!! WHATS IT GOING TO TAKE TO ARREST THESE CRIMINALS HIDING IN THE HALLS OF CONGRESS AND THE SENATE..... not to mention the governors!!!!

negative: Cyndi Lou you gun clinging morons are nothing more than a threat to our safety!  49 days into 2019 and 39 mass shootings already.

neutral: "Illegals do NOT respect our laws

neutral: It happen in Europe by moslims new comers  They just stil  say welcome. Wish you succes Mr Trump

negative: "Build it all Mr. President. Build it long and build it high. We will go to war to make sure you are able to stay in office and complete your job if it comes to that. We are not afraid. We will continue

neutral: "Any Immigrant who wants to enter the US. Should wear a tracking device until proven he or she is ""responsible"" with a Job

negative: "No wall

neutral: What about all the kids being mowed down with high powered rifles? Don’t they deserve to be protected too?

negative: We need to understand that illegal immigrants are mostly coming here for work and are hired and paid cash under the table.  Those are the criminals... I wish Trump would address that issue instead of just building a wall.

neutral: A american killed 60 people in las vegas fagg dont try to be a hero trump if you want respect respect latinos cause we all not the same.

negative: LOOK!  A NON IMMIGRANT YOUNG GUY!  When do we start Profiling them???  JUST ACCEPT IT!   You and your followers are despicable RACISTS.Sacked man shoots five dead at US firmbbc.com

negative: "Seriously?  They already are profiled.  Look at the Kavanaugh mess

negative: Fernando B Nava yes we have enough criminals here already. We dont need any more

negative: Let's talk about all the white Christian males who have killed countless people in this country.

negative: Liv Harper so lets let more problems flow through the border so we have even more crime to deal with??

negative: "A sick murderer killed his daughter 

negative: "Damn! They missed you? Some European Immigrant terrorist kill other people innocent Fathers

negative: "When you look long enough and hard enough

negative: We can’t go into Mexico or any other country without a visa we would be thrown out. The point is lawless people don’t give a dam about doing the right thing. They will continue to break the laws and to those opposing the wall when illegal immigrant commits a crime against your love one you might never get the reason for security. So how’s about not locking your homes door or car let’s see what happens to you.

neutral: Mass shooters are overwhelmingly white men. We need to build a wall to keep white men out! See how that works????

neutral: "We need 10 billion for two borders

negative: "How exactly ? Is your Trump Family monument Wall going to stop Narco Subs

neutral: "If a wall will not work

neutral: We still have to fight to stay safe with the muslims and Democrats in Congress. They're our biggest threat. The wall is a good start.

negative: "Joe Muzzy hater

neutral: "Your daughter was prolly working the streets as a hooker

negative: When you park your car you lock it! When you leave your home or go to bed you lock up your home! Why because you want to protect your home and valuables! If someone was hurting a loved one of yours would you just sit back or go after them? The President has the same type of job only he's responsible for the entire country! Will a wall stop all of the illegals and the crimes no we all know that but we do need protection! Now if you have an alternative idea great lets hear it! But stop these asinine comments! You go look the victim's families ask them how the feel. You go defend the border!

negative: "You forgot to mention the part where you would have to take PRIVATE LAND from AMERICAN CITIZENS who live on the border so you can build your stupid

negative: "This ""#Fakecrisis"" started back during the Eisenhower administration folks.. Deportations happened then when it was found to be a problem on our borders. Operation Wetback. Look it up. It's been a crisis ever since.. Since then we've had an issue with illegal immigration and its been getting worse every year. President Donald J. Trump is the only one besides Eisenhower who has had the gonads to do something about it. But.. All of a sudden it's called a ""fabricated crisis"". Most of congress.. Democrats AND Republicans are being paid off by various organizations to stop the border wall.. Albeit drug cartels

neutral: Angel Parents! Our Hearts go out to you!  May God Bless You and bring you Comfort. May His Strength fortify you! Build the WALL and send ALL the Illegal Aliens back to their country of natural origin!

negative: A wall needs to be built  anybody who apposed it is heartless

negative: "A wall ain't gonna bring dead people back

negative: Yep! I'm sick and tired of hearing about how illegal crime rate is getting lower or they commit crimes at a lesser rate then people born here. Here is the deal. The illegal crime rate should be ZERO. That is the only exceptable number. Why? They shouldn't even be here.

negative: Anchor baby gangbangers shooting up my town daily. I live in Washington state. The emergency isn't only at the border. Its the whole damn country?

neutral: "Just over two years ago

neutral: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10218521113483532&set=a.10202862087497669&type=3&eid=ARBynTfOmDtmZ965SujVPo9zC6oN0tM3OhdvOSR9KdZxH9vxk3q7KRqa10IQ_dWBPnRgxqai_GsRXoDP

neutral: We must have a Border WALL to keep are FAMILY Safe and if you don't support TRUMP you are a idiot and you are not a True American

neutral: "I agree with President Trump

neutral: The topography of the land does not allow for a a complete wall. I believe the people in charge of protecting the border should be the ones to suggest where reenforcement of the barriers should take place. Not against a barrier. Just against a pathological lying narcissistic immoral pos who's only agenda is what will benifit him.  Take a couple of steps back and ask why so many of the people that surrounded his campaign are either in jail or under indictment. If you say deep state then you have no hope.

neutral: Dotard

negative: Once the wall is up let's see how many Americans are gonna get triggered when something bad happens and DON'T BLAME THE IMMIGRANTS CAUSE BORDERS IS CLOSED!!😡

neutral: See photo below of Trump working hard on “National Emergency” https://pics.me.me/donald-j-trump-realdonaldtrump-following-great-morning-at-trump-national-41440536.png

neutral: M 🇺🇸 A 🇺🇸 G 🇺🇸 A GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP

neutral: A complete wall is just plain stupid - but we need to secure the borders....

negative: "So in the USA Today article a drunk driver killed another motorist... And the drunk happened to have come here ""illegally"". Jeez no journalistic integrity since they say nothing of the white Christians that beat their families then all go to church on Sundays with bruises and smelling of alcohol."

negative: What about all the other serious stuff going around right now killing more than a few from illegal Immagrants? What are you doing about that? Absolutely nothing! I feel bad for anyone killed for senseless reasons but we have much more going on that needs attention other than a wall that gives false sense of security!

neutral: "DEMOCRATS don't care 

negative: What a lie Trump signed bill allowing million illegal communist south American 's to come to USA and never be deported Mr Trump walls derverison so Trump and other traitors screw USA flooding USA with commies south American 's

negative: Legal white maniacs are busy killing people in public places with semiautomatic weapons at a rate far greater than even our war losses in our Oil Mongering wars. Where is that article?

neutral: Speaker Pelosi how much money are the drug cartels paying you for NOT putting up a wall?

negative: americans should be glad they have someone who wants to help their country take a look at england and our corrupt goverment actually having a fucking debate weather they should let a ISIS bride back in the country because shes pregnant .... our prime minister and mps do not have the british people in mind when they make decisions ...

neutral: "Las Vegas shooting 

neutral: "Thank you President Trump for all tht you're doing for this Country

negative: Absolutely without a doubt there should not be one more person murdered by criminal illegals

negative: "Spine-less Republicans need to stand with our President Trump and be as bold as our Pres Trump. Republican politicians that we voted for must start ""fighting fire with fire"" and stop cowering to Democrat lies and intimidation. Stand up for what is right do not back down. Speak out and take action."

negative: Your an idiot.    How many illegals shot up scholls and concerts

negative: Gabe Hidasi it is ILLEGAL to come here illegally

negative: There are Five groups that oppose a wall/barrier and increasing border security: 1) Those that smuggle people into the US. 2) Those that smuggle drugs into the US 3) Those that smuggle guns into the US 4) The Blue fascist rats. 5) Brainless zombies who believe anything the Blue fascist rats tell them….

neutral: And that's why the Democrats oppose the wall. It's apparent that they are getting kickbacks from the Mexican cartel. Just like the last Mexican president was getting. Most likely what Chapo said is true the Pelosi and the Democrats are on the payroll

negative: Don’t more Americans die at the hands of each other? Maybe sort your own garden out before worrying about others

neutral: "Mr. Barr make sure you conduct a comple investigation into the FBI

neutral: ".over 1800 murdered in 2018 by illegals

negative: "False logic. An illegal immigrant may harm your family and therefore we need a wall. It’s like saying you burnt the chicken and now I don’t like pizza. Yes

negative: "The hard facts are that illegals commit fewer crimes than legal citizens. Absolutely there is crime but at a much lower rate. As a teenager I lost my license for a short time doing stupid driving. I worked and did deliveries with the company vehicle. If I told my boss that I had lost my license

negative: destroy those illegal migrants

neutral: "I support the wall 100%.  I have lived next door to these illegals that tormented my family for years.  The wall needs to be built

negative: We need to simply execute illegal criminals and deport the rest to the middle East!!!

negative: "My family also lost a family member to an illegal alien and her American boyfriend.  He was murdered; shot point blank with their shotgun.  The illegal alien testified against her American boyfriend and she was set free

neutral: "Most maybe looking for a better life and with our welfare they can get it but then a bunch are already running from the law and you think they’ll obey ours 

negative: "illegal alien

neutral: Kick them out and build the wall

neutral: "This isnt  about the wall at all

negative: All the school shootings killed by not illegal immigrants!!

negative: Yes moron and very soon we are going to see the dreadful  consequences of your policies

neutral: "It isn’t enough to just build the wall

negative: "Wake up Democrats ... any country on the world with 10 million illegal aliens ..  would be rioting 

neutral: What good is the wall you have 30 million ILLEGALS here now and sanctuary cities what good is the freaking wall deport them now you fraud president then build the wall

neutral: "Demoncrates have become Traitors to America! Not only Godless but Traitors to Americans!   GOD BLESS DONALD TRUMP

negative: More. Criminals are coming.  Liberals wants all of them. Here.  They protect theirs houses and have extra proteccion. What about. We. The. People. 🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️😭

negative: Equally tragic was the killing of nine people by white domestic terrorist Dylann Roof. What is being done about that ... wall won't help will it???

negative: White Americans kill too

negative: Build the dmn WALL or Shoot the illegals at the first sight !!

negative: "What a fucking joke you and everyone here supporting you is

neutral: "Jim Plesko

negative: "american families are under a worse attack than that

neutral: Build the wall and hunt down the MS13 gangs!

negative: Mr. President...please send ICE to St. Paul and Dearborn.  They are infested with illegals!  This is how we are getting the wrong people in Congress!

negative: How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years? If you need tp let’s say 20 years? YOU ARE FUCKING MORONS FOR NOT KNOWING......FUCKING CRICKETS.....

negative: Move old one the good the bad the ugly client east wood movie lee van cliff also near Mexico boarder in Mexico

neutral: American citizens should have the right to hunt them down.

neutral: "If the wall saves one child from child trafficking

negative: Many Black slaves were killed by White Plantation Owner for years. In America someone is killed every minute in America. There are much mass killings done by white guys than illegal immigrants. Please let's keep it Real.

neutral: "Too busy golfing to notice grieving families in Illinois now?  “Police in Aurora

negative: Mentally ill Americans are committing mass shootings killing kids and adults alike.  Why is Trump not concerned about protecting them?  Far more Americans are killed by the mentally ill with assault rifles than illegal immigrants.  Do some research and see for yourself.

negative: libtards suck we need civil war if every want to beat these cock sucking cunt bags

negative: "Their is no question of why they are invading America; they know over the years of breeding like rabbits that they will eventually turn America into their Mexica! I don't really have a problem with it all

neutral: "Ice Caught 20

negative: You joke. Exploiting the pain of this poor man to concoct an excuse for your idiotic wall. Your bigoted insecure supporters will cling to these rare examples and back you. The 70 percent of us who are rational and intelligent won’t. You are a malignant growth and will be excised. Russian puppet.

negative: Jose Nieto 70% just like you Democrats pulling s*** out of your ass what did you get that off of CNN

negative: Jose Nieto somebody needs to quit watching fake news. The Russia fake is already over he's been cleared. Lets see what other dity deed they try. Most of us normal Americans want security.

negative: Antonio Acquarelli your little bigoted response got blocked and only the first few pointless words posted but the message was clear. Sorry you’re so scared of people of Hispanic heritage. To be fair I’m sure that 98% of us are better than you in every single way.   So your fears are well founded little one.

negative: Kelly Goodwin your little comment also didn’t post. I’m heartbroken.

negative: Jose is s coward

negative: Jose Nieto truth hurts I see

negative: Kelly Goodwin you are just an ignorant hate filled soul. I pity you.

neutral: Kelly Lawrence Goodwin hey that one posted. Good for you! Sadly you wouldn’t know the truth if it kissed you in the lips.  Good luck with your failed existence.

negative: Kelly Lawrence Goodwin truth hurts I see.

negative: Pourk Hammur your a jerk

neutral: *You're

negative: Pourk Hammur you're a mindless weirdo...does the group home know you are on the computer again??

negative: Good Afternoon you lying narcissistic moron. Your wall would not prevent any deaths nor any drug shipments. You're lying to the American people again. I'm looking forward to your resignation.

neutral: Garric Logan Don't hold your breath. Hahahahaha!

negative: You are a fucking idiot.

negative: They are not immigrants if they are illegal. Please no more PC terms. Call them what they are. Illegal aliens. They are not immigrants.

negative: There were 215 murders white on white

neutral: its so sad the the democrats dont care who dies at the hands of illegals

negative: "AND YOU RACE HAVE RAPED AND KILLED MANY.  WHERE DO YOU GO

neutral: "The wall WILL finally be built and the liberals are going to EXPLODE   Promise made Promise kept  Promise delivered   What is so bad with keeping EVERYONE LEGAL and HONEST and  NOT allowing ILLEGALS here?  No one ever said IMMIGRANTS wasn't allowed here

neutral: "At any and all cost

negative: Trump is a Pussy! This bill sucks

negative: Trump is a punk bitch as well

neutral: Trump will go down in history as the greatest President ever

neutral: Better than Lincoln? Washington? Kennedy? Truman?... seriously?!?

neutral: Triggered...seriously?!?

negative: "Yes. Except there is no such thing as an ""illegal immigrant"" because Persons Here Illegally (PHIs) are not ""immigrants.""  The faster we get everyone to call PHIs PHIs instead of ""immigrants"" the easier it will be to reduce the number of PHIs in the United States dramatically.  It's all in THIS BOOK. Every America who cares about secure borders should READ IT NOW:  http://www.amazon.com/Stop-Calling-Them-Immigrants-Illegally/dp/1973509075/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1550423658&sr=8-1&keywords=stop+calling+the+immigrants"

negative: "There are many people who should have been raided and in jail and or executed. What happened to lock her up.... what happened to 10 years of Donald John Trump knowing how to fire people and get a job done?  The law is really lawyers and judges in the U.S.

negative: How about all the children killed by white men with high powered rifles?  What are you saying about them?

neutral: "Nancy Schumer and Chuck Pelosi dont want the wall.. Fine.. Then this is what we do..... We build 4-5-6 military bases ON the border.. ON THE BORDER.. 20

negative: "Let me educate you Donny: Home grown gun violence is a national emergency. Get a clue

neutral: My dad got shot by a white man and plus he was American

negative: "It's so obvious that a wall or barrier must be built. Watching the illegals climbing over existing walls makes me think that those walls need some grease to make them slippery so they can't be climbed. No crisis? Just look at the thousands of people who are storming our border every day and the caravans making their way to our border. Any lawmaker who repeats ""there is no border crisis"" should be made to resign and let someone with common sense take their place. Our border is not a political pawn!"

negative: the IDIOT central american GANG member in the photo thinks he can evade detection if he wears an italia shirt. Dumb ILLITERATE ILLEGALS. CA is teeming with these lowlifes. BUILD THAT WALL. DEPORT THEM  ALL.  http://enewspaper.latimes.com/infinity/article_share.aspx?guid=425d841b-a4ca-4f87-86b9-df6c0829b6bf

neutral: Mean while the NFL stuffs MILLIONS in Kaepernick pockets? Wonder how much will go over seas? https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/41479992_2170608379876533_5352491886131019776_n.jpg?_nc_cat=108&_nc_ht=scontent-lga3-1.xx&oh=f5b2defd9d921720fb7dc69cea8db114&oe=5CEE71B8

neutral: https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/41479992_2170608379876533_5352491886131019776_n.jpg?_nc_cat=108&_nc_ht=scontent-lga3-1.xx&oh=f5b2defd9d921720fb7dc69cea8db114&oe=5CEE71B8

negative: another one of you mentally ill people killed 5 in another mass shooting..build that👍

negative: "Flint Michigan has poisonous water     White American terrorists kill far more Americans than illegal immigrants.        Hell

negative: 392 Terrorists captured red handed in this post.

negative: "Correct this lie right here PTS ""DISORDERED""= injured by terrorists!! Otherwise we're demanded  to rideour bicycles up hill without the chain..while a hurricane afire storm and planes false flags and impossible demands are made of us by LYING  financially motivated hijacking  territory thieves...its pts shock!! We're not pts ""DISORDERED""! So correct this lie now!!! Its the other component of the HIJACKER terrorist territory thieves ring of child abusing child trafficking anti American identity thieves ring! They hate Americans because they are jealous liars!"

negative: "Never Forget what the USA did to its own people 9/11

neutral: "40

negative: "President Donald J. Trump we still have your back! You were put between a rock and a hard place with that excrement of a bill

neutral: "Take the Unconstitutional parts of this Bill to Court and have them declared Unconstitutional

neutral: "“If you like your doctor

negative: we don't need chuck the big schmuck or the sick and twisted pelosi we need the wall

negative: "White people kill more

negative: the policemen legally kill the blacks without a word for this phony pig. he's singing us here illegal immigration

negative: "Your daughter means nothing if her death gets in the way of a demorats re election votes. Thats the bottom line. Doesn’t get more truthful then that. Ask yourself

negative: White male american terrorists kill more Americans than immigrants ever have. But there’re Trumps buddies. No problem there.

neutral: "Maybe if they would take these illigals that do this and execute them

negative: tRump = Russian Treason Monkey

neutral: You are a PIG TRUMP!

negative: 500 plus people were injured and killed in Vegas by white person whats the difference shall we build a wall around him?

neutral: F trump

negative: "President Trump is an American hero.   Democratic politicians hate America

negative: Just common sense. Democrat's  need votes. They don't care about us. Now they vote to kill babies after their born.  Doesn't that ring  bell in your wet brain?

negative: Especially since we know criminals  and terrorists who come over illegally know they are protected by  the democrats.

neutral: "are Democrats taking money from the drug cartels politicians all see motivated by money over the best interest for Americans 

negative: Eat all you guys want to keep your family safe you have to kick Donald Trump ass out of the

negative: You drive drunk - you get arrested- you sell drugs- you get arrested- you kill someone you get arrested- you shoplift- you get arrested- you trespass- you get arrested.  You come in to the US illegally/ you should either- A) get arrested  B get sent back  Why is that a problem?

neutral: Can you add some landmines for the tunnel diggers? #Trump2020

negative: "Is that why you hire illegals? The wall is just your fragile ego. You need to accomplish something. Narcissism is a bitch

negative: Oh shut up. Several WHITE MALE AMERICAN CITIZENS HAVE MURDERED AND INJURED HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE.

negative: "So sick of the wall argument. Post soldiers all along the border

neutral: "Mike Charles 

negative: America's high priority is for you to be in prison where you belong..

neutral: "I wrote this several years ago

negative: Donald Trump You Will Make MANY People Much Safer When You Address WHITE MALE TERRORISTS IN THIS COUNTRY...Eye Personally Cant See The LIES Yout Telling About Mexican Immigrants But WHITE MEN Killing People Daily...Deal With That .

neutral: ya build the wall so all those white american born men will stop all the mass shootings lmfao

negative: I’m sorry but all illegal aliens aren’t criminals just look at that white guy yesterday killing five and wounding six. When is the Orange Dotard going to do something about that?

negative: We need the wall... we need to deport the illegals... iof they can't come the right way stop breaking into our country same as coming into my home or your home when we are not home breaking and entering.

negative: Loony Bomar IF THAT IS YOUR REAL IMMIGRANT NAME YOUR A IGNORANT BASTARD THATS WHY TRUMP IS BUILDING THE WALL TO KEEP THE KILLERS OUT HE WANTS OUR COUNTRY SAFE AN DRUG FREE ONE DAY WHICH IN TIME WILL AN THE TRAFFICKING IT COULD BE YOU THAT GETS KILLED ONE DAY BY SOMEONE THAT DOESNT LIKE ILLEGALS

neutral: "What has happened to our country? We elect Muslims who want to impeach OUR President

neutral: So Democrat's say Pelosi has the power of the Purse. Yet...it's not for lack of money that she won't fund the wall. It's because she hates Pres. Trump. And that is what the Supreme Court will say.

negative: "A FILTHY BILL

neutral: "Build the wall anyway you can Mr. President and stay away from controversal subjects such as ""legalizing pot and homosexuals rights"".  The Dems are trying to rattle your Christian base and this will definitely do it. So stay clear. Dont express an opinion for or against. Please don't get drawn into that convrrsation. Please!"

neutral: BUILD THE WALL!  Our prayers are with you. <3

neutral: Walls do work and we definitely need this wall and congress best stop playing games with our safety and get this wall done or they will be removed by the people once and for all . They should all be locked up for harboring and protecting criminals. Thats what they are doing.

negative: Your daughter was useless sir

neutral: F**k Trump!

negative: "SHOULD BE a wall with the names of those murdered by NOT immigrants BUT ILLEGALS on the Capitol grounds and see it sadly grow EVERY DAY

negative: What an idiot!!

neutral: Another Caravan is Coming. in drugs and Human Trafficing.Going To Mexico Where They Built A Compound For Them.  One After that is coming to America.

neutral: A US citizen just shot up a bunch of US citizens.  The wall won't stop that.

neutral: "100% behind you

negative: AND THE SCUMBAG LIBERALS AND DEMORATS AND RHINOS GOING AGAINST HIM NEED VOTED OUT AMERICA! obummer CALLED NATIONAL EMERGENCY ALL THE TIME AND ALL HIS 8 YEARS HE BI PASSED CONGRESS AND NO ONE DID ANYTHING PERIOD!

negative: "What about all of the mass shooters who kill sons and daughters and mothers and fathers every damn day by LEGAL U.S. citizens with easy access to firearms???  YOU FUCKING SUCK

negative: "POTUS (ANTICHRIST);        Rightly said; finally spoke TRUTH.  GOD bless Angel moms.  SAD that people come to this country and do their bad deeds here. It is a VERY LOW PERCENTAGE OF IMMIGRANTS THOUGH; which you choose to highlight LIAR.   MY HEART GOES OUT TO THEM ALL.   Answer me this though;        How about ALL THE IMMIGRANT ANGEL MOMS which YOU SEPARATED from their KIDS? How about ALL the ANGEL MOMS that LOSE KIDS DUE to GUN VIOLENCE? How about ALL the ANGEL MOMS that LOSE KIDS DUE to SHOOTINGS or DRUGS? How about ALL the ANGEL MOMS that LOSE KIDS DUE to ALCOHOL?        HOW ABOUT JAKELIN CAAL MAQUIN'S PARENTS?😠😠😠😠😠😠😠       ARE YOU HIGHLIGHTING THAT TOO?  FUCKEN LIAR FROM HELL! 😠😠😠  Respectfully; Omar Martinez ""I AM"" JesusChrist Eternally"

negative: Illegal immigrants murdered my only.child 8 months ago.So yeah I'm ready to.put them on a big boat back to Satan land and sink it half way there - the patriots handling the operations of the boats.

negative: Heroin is bad 90 percent of it coming out Mexico To are kids. It's   time to take a stand and these stupid democrats must want there kids to die too SMH.  They must be making money off it. Democrat Crooks need to wake up and support us Americans and quit acting like Mexicans.

neutral: Illegals are human...they do what our people do. Statistically— such crimes much lower than the legal residence. Find a better argument. Trump is a conartist and say or do anything to win his case!!

negative: BUILD THE WALL AND DEPORT THEM ALL

negative: Anyone not wanting to protect our Country is the enemy. You are for America or Against. Veteran..

neutral: "As usual

negative: They are illegal aliens. Stop calling them immigrants

negative: I am 100% BUILD THE WALL. BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL  BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL. DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS iLLEIN THEIR NOT BELONG THIS COUTRY. COME LEGALLY PERIOD.

neutral: "This country is already inundated with illegals. Time to build the wall

negative: Stupid people choose stupid psycho presidents. Trump is one of Them.

negative: "I just saw an illegal Honduran woman with two small children in tow. I ran like hell for safety

negative: What about the many children killed while at school? Oh yea..Thoughts and prayers. 🤦‍♀️

negative: America used to be a great country but long time a go some white immigrants start crossing borders from  Europe then now they think   They own this country if you aré from Mexico and live in California Nevada Utah. Colorado all those states you are not illegal no one from Mexico is illegal on stolen lands

negative: "Very powerful as are all the other families who have suffered a loss at the hands of a criminal out on bail no matter illegal or not. Unfortunately

negative: What Do You Suggest About White Terrorist Going On Shooting Sprees What Kind Of Wall Are You Gonna Build For Them??? They Actually Have A Body Count Worth Looking Into.  Not Fake News

negative: for every person killed by a illegal immigrant then a pollies or their family member forfeit their life

negative: "Christians are praying for you President Trump! Get rid of Pelosi and all the evil Politicians that are betraying our country. Pedophiles

negative: Lol as if Trump cared about your kids 😂😂😂 look this idiot is trying to leave a legacy before he gets impeached

neutral: So you're going to exploit others for your own political gain.

neutral: President Trump grabs women by the pussy and is a serial adultery. When are we going to build a wall to protect our daughters from rich white perverts like him?

neutral: "Don the Con

negative: Want to get rid of illegal immigrants? Get rid of the magnets that bring them here. Get rid of welfare.

neutral: BUILD the wall to keep the millions and trillions of rapists and drug dealers from pouring in.

negative: "In declaring a national emergency

neutral: "So in other words

negative: How would this help against the crazy white incels that are killing people tho?

negative: It's not just a few  illegal immigrants This is just the beginning of mass migrations. Orchestrated and paid for by globalist and their agenda to check the power of the one remaining bastion of a free and flourishing Nation the USA. One look at all the turmoil in Europe and the upheaval this type of invasion has and is causing over seas. Should be enough for any rational intelligent individual to realize what's coming . But many of Americans have lost rational and intelligence instead they have become so lazy that they allow the state to think for them just like planned .

negative: "deranged white men who support Trump killed tens of dozens of people but

negative: His daughter's life meant NOTHING to the demonrats and fake Republicans!  They don't give a DAMN about the American people.  They're nothing but evil traitors and should be dealt with as such.

negative: What about the 5 people that just died because of an active shooter who was not an immigrant? You asshole.

negative: "A Weak and Rambling President Declares a Fake National Emergency By John CassidyFebruary 15 “President Trump’s fictitious border crisis is a central element of the political narrative he has constructed for his white-nationalist base

negative: "I’m an illegal immigrant. I stole some white boys job (being paid under the table has its benefits)

neutral: Democrats all having a melt down over the illegals .

neutral: "Those  that  don’t see  the  importance of  a  wall

negative: Same with americans how many terrorists  in jail they are all criminals to

negative: "No they don't.  Ask the ancient Chinese.  Ask Berlin.  Ask Rome.  They all fail in the end.  This would fail immediate

neutral: "Tammy Zaluzney I was in Israel before they built the walls

negative: the place is all ready full of lunatics with guns

negative: And yt people killed my ancestors. We've all had bad blood on our hands. Dnt try to use one over the other to create a reason for your action

negative: What will we do about all of the angry white men committing mass homicide with easy access to automatic weaponry of war?

negative: The democrats have gone mad!   It is crazy to see the stuff they are proposing and the trantrums they are still having!

negative: "BULLSHIT

negative: "But I'm sorry your daughter lost her life. My heart is with you. All my kids

negative: You are such a fucking idiot

negative: "“If it’s truly an emergency

negative: How about all those moms who’s child was murdered in their classroom you petulant asshole?

negative: why won't his bitch ass talk about white people Killing other people

neutral: El Mas Loko Flores oh yeah cuz it's only white people doing it right ?

negative: Stupid Trump typical Probaganda. What is with Withe   Shooters who kill People. THE last Shootings was WITHE Trump Supporter mental sick like Trump. This is the Truth. You dump low minded primitive Trumpsupporter

negative: May ABBA HELP your dumbass! Donald J. Trump  7

negative: Trump is a criminal moron

negative: The use of fear propaganda is typical of fascist and communist governments.

negative: Such an emergency that AF1 took you right to your resort

negative: it’s a lot of Americans that kill Americans a damn wall ain’t gonna stop the killings u just tryin to keep us boxed in and protect urself it ain’t about Americans it’s about trump u got the money why dnt you pay for it urself if u want it so bad but u just want our money to pay for it 🤷🏾‍♂️just my opinion and it matters

neutral: Walls are not necessarily the best way to keep illegal immigrants out of the country

negative: "President Trump is already building the wall. MAGA To the patriots that are unhappy with section 224 of the Bill that speaks to amnesty to sponsors of minor children that crosses the border illegally

neutral: "Democratic leaders in the House are taking steps to attempt to force Donald Trump to reveal what he and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed during several private conversations after Trump took office.  According to Politico

neutral: "Liberals

negative: Drumptf TAKE YOUR DAMN WALL AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR BUTT

negative: YOU SHOULD SUE THE DEMOCRATS THEY ARE THE ONE THAT KEEP ILLIGALS IN THIS COUNTRY SO THEY CAN BE ALWAYS IN POWER SO THEY CAN HAVE A JOB.CROOKS.

negative: Another mass shooting. But the emergency is at the border...got it!

negative: "I strongly feel that if Govenors / Senators /  Congressmen & Attorney Generals keep protecting criminals or Illegal immigrants that cause harm & crime to the people of the USA & keep protecting harboring the repeat offenders & aiding & abetting "" "" Sanctuary Cities or "" illegals "" regardless of nationality & the criminals & committing treason against the people of the USA... That the people of that State should file a Federal Class Action lawsuit & start a go fund me account to pay for it...  ;) just a thought... ;)   SHARE IT YOU AGREE OR IF YOU FEEL FROGGY..."

negative: So democrats say walls are immoral but killing babies is a human right.

negative: "Maga!!♡trump fighting!!All leftwings and commies including

neutral: "THIS..

neutral: "PLEASE MR PRESIDENT

neutral: "Of course walls work! A (good) wall STOPS/PREVENTS a person from actually entering a particular land area. The Dems/""progressives"" will never support a real wall on our Southern border because they do not want to STOP people from entering. It's THAT SIMPLE! They want people to enter illegally

negative: Besides stupid.. the American people you are trying to keep out of America can knock down that pathetic wall in ten minutes with a bucket of rust and aluminum powder and a sparkler.. you don't stand a chance against the people who do the mining and dam building and roads and Olympic village and stadiums.  Never mind that they can scale that pathetic wall with nothing but their fingers and toes.  So STOP LYING!

negative: "Please deport all far left lunatics

