
"100 US citizens are the victims of violent crime at the hands of illegals every day  If one of your loved ones was a victim
"A drunk driver that was previously DEPORTED
"A sick murderer killed his daughter 
"AND ….. of course you're not doing ANYTHING with murderers and criminals and  here except saying they are very fine people ….. asshole. Daddy forgot to teach you what a heart is? Dunce! People …. white people
"Adrianna Anders how about the word leftist- u will find rapist impeached clinton
"Also needs to be a crime to hire
"Americans face consequences.  Illegals get deported and come right back. And....what about all the children that get trafficked through that border?  Oh I forgot
"An illegal alien (Honduran) kicked-in the door to my house and tried to murder my then-16 yr old son.  https://youtu.be/6h2qwAAge4c  A few years prior to that
"An illegal immigrant killed my boyfriends sister while driving illegally and driving drunk... this is after he was deported 2 times
"And Americans don’t drink and drive??   It’s just the brown skin people who aren’t allowed to be criminals. White Americans
"And they have consequences.  They do get deported so they can come right back and do it again.  Maybe if we took care of Americans and focused on mental health
"Are we going to deport all the white locals who kill people? Road rage
"Austin Wheeler I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat
"Bill Hoeler  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat
"Build the wall. Move on. Use “drug money” held in escrow. These drug lords are in jail
"But our citizens have consequences.   They get deported
"Daniel Antonio Thomas  well how does that stand for crime committed by Your own people? Pearl Brown Seriously.. does nobody fact check this stuff While any death is tragic
"Democrat socialists call the invasion of criminals "" manufactured"". Pelosi said Trump is delusional
"Deport and build wall we must defend
"Edgar D. GutierrezTexas is the only state to track crime specifically among illegal immigrants let's use them as an example:  Between January 2011- January 2019 there have been 10 school shootings in the state of Texas. Of those 10 shootings 15 people have died and 28 have been injured.   Now let's look at crime amongst illegal immigrants in Texas. ""Between June 1
"Emil Dörr he's not going to prison
"Emily Neal I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat
"Emily Neal so more gun laws that criminals wont obey
"Formerly deported
"Gail Bailey Adams  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat
"Henk Adelbert Lapomarda GriffinHenk 12) Border Security and Immigration  ~Secured $1.6 billion for border wall construction in the March 2018 omnibus bill.  ~Construction of a 14-mile section of border wall began near San Diego.  ~Worked to protect American communities from the threat posed by the vile MS-13 gang.  ~ICE’s Homeland Security Investigations division arrested 796 MS-13 members and associates in FY 2017
"How hypocritical of Democrats who want to take guns from people because some are used to commit violent crime
"However stats have proven over and over again that citizens commit way more crimes than illegals. I would think many of the illegals that do come here also get their guns here since it's so easy to do so. However I am against illegal immigration but the majority of our mass shootings are caused by white American citizens. President Obama deported more illegals than any other president. It's not the crisis that Trump's conning his base to believe. Stats show immigration from the southern border is the lowest in 50 years. Many of the suspected terrorist that have entered this country
"I illegal murder to many 
"I strongly feel that if Govenors / Senators /  Congressmen & Attorney Generals keep protecting criminals or Illegal immigrants that cause harm & crime to the people of the USA & keep protecting harboring the repeat offenders & aiding & abetting "" "" Sanctuary Cities or "" illegals "" regardless of nationality & the criminals & committing treason against the people of the USA... That the people of that State should file a Federal Class Action lawsuit & start a go fund me account to pay for it...  ;) just a thought... ;)   SHARE IT YOU AGREE OR IF YOU FEEL FROGGY..."
"I was in Isreal last year. They put a wall up from Syria and crime went down 80 percent
"I would sue Nancy Pelosi and every person that voted against border security. I would sue the sanctuary cities that put these criminals up for refuge. I do NOT support frivolous lawsuits. However
"ILLEGALS NEED TO BE DEPORTED FOR THIS STUFF!!  Not put in jail
"IM SO SORRY FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HAS LOST THEIR LOVE ONES IN THE HANDS OF A CRIMINALS.  BUT
"If President Trump only knew of this... murder... just down the road from the Winter White House...  Hoping to impress upon Governor Ron DeSantis that the FDLE and FBI should ""get on this"". Murderers walking free because of incompetent Officers and wealthy backers.   Executive Summary:  Palm Beach County family seeks redress
"If you really cared about American families you’d stop sucking at the NRA and arms lobbiest tits. Any murder is a tragedy but percentage wise
"Instead to put Joaquín ""El Chapo"" Guzmán (The drugs dealer in prison for life time and cost the tax payer paid for his accommodation for life time
"I’m disabled because an illegal took a short cut across a California highway. Not even deported
"Jackie Lee Collins the majority of the prison population is minority and Hispanic
"Jeff Sterup  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat
"Just got done coming onto  a crime scene where a guy got shot and killed by a legal white guy. Too bad a wall didn't protect him...oh WAIT! I'll be sure to tell his wife and kids about your mockery about being safe.  Remember
"Just like banning guns wont keep criminals from getting them
"Laura Anglin Peterson  I'm so sick of liberal stupidity.  Crime is a state issue.  This is a federal issue since it has to do with illegal immigration.   Stop voting Democrat
"Lisa Mann yes Americans kill Americans..... doesn’t mean we should import murder and other violence.  Ahhhh there it is.....  he’s rich
"Looking forward to you in prison
"Marcus Rech MS13 is an AMERICAN gang
"Matt Martine but criminal's dont care about gun laws they go around them but all these gun laws hurt law abiding people guns dont kill people
"Mitch Haynie just like if Ted Bundy wasn't here right? Just like if Rudolph wasn't here right? The facts are the criminals are a dime a dozen like always. The majority of us are law abiding
"More trump Bullshit:    The Actual Facts about  'Murder and Extremism in the United States in 2018'  'ADL
"Most of them are CRIMINALS
"Murder is murder
"My son was killed by an illegal Mexican immigrant who had already been deported once for DUI. He choose to drive drunk
"Peasants and criminals
"Please deport all far left lunatics
"SINCE WHEN IS KEEPING AMERICANS SAFE FROM CRIME
"SO it's a competition?! I s that  what your point is?! Or are you saying that crime by our own citizens justifies letting illegals border jumpers in?! ""Meaningful gun reform?!"" Exactly what is that?!  Most of the schools and mass shooters have obtained their weapons LEGALLY
"Sergio Simone  Because a convicted murder
"So let me get this straight.....  Only Mexicans are in our prison system for murdering?  Please correct me if I’m wrong.  So y’all only care about people killed by Mexicans and not by Americans?   Again
"So much blood on the Democrats hands.  They are getting away with murder over and over and over and over
"So when the wall does nothing to cut the crime rate in America
"Stephen Mattison how on earth can you compare a job in a steel factory with a job ... were you need to commit mass murder..  Propaganda? The only person I see is a leader of the free world. Nothing more
"Steven Hunter Do you not understand that anyone who commits a crime and has to be locked up is separated from their children? That includes American citizens. That is the fault of the person who chose to commit the crime
"THE BORDER WALL DOESN'T KEEP OUT CRIMINALS. Do you HONESTLY THINK the criminal stands in line
"THE IPs (Infanticide Party members) are on a roll these days.  Supporting the murder of new born babies AND refusing to live up to their Constitutional oath to DEFEND AND PROTECT USA!  Maybe
"The Great Hoax of Open border (ILLEGAL) Immigration Policies will be exposed by history as one of the most evil and corrupt actions by our Capitalist Political Establishment. It benefits those with capital who want to employ cheap labor. Our middle-class and low income disproportionately suffer the ill effects and social burden of this sick self serving policy. That’s assuming all illegal immigrants we welcome here aren’t criminals but just good people appreciative of the opportunity to bare racial and economic discrimination for the many opportunities USA provides. Criminals
"The hard facts are that illegals commit fewer crimes than legal citizens. Absolutely there is crime but at a much lower rate. As a teenager I lost my license for a short time doing stupid driving. I worked and did deliveries with the company vehicle. If I told my boss that I had lost my license
"The person who sold him the beer didn't hold a gun to his head and force him to drink too much. The car dealer didn't force him at gunpoint to drive drunk. It's simply called TAKING RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR ACTIONS!! No one forced them to kill these people - they did this by themselves. So
"There are many people who should have been raided and in jail and or executed. What happened to lock her up.... what happened to 10 years of Donald John Trump knowing how to fire people and get a job done?  The law is really lawyers and judges in the U.S.
"This is disgusting abuse of facts. Illegal immigrants have lower crime rates than Americans. To single out specific cases
"Tudy you beat me to it. You're exactly right. We have enough criminals
"We can’t continue to let these criminals come into OUR country. Save lives. Build the wall. With the billions we save supporting these welfare bums we can invest in our veterans
"We have criminals on the daily that are citizens including every shooter lately who happens to be a white nazi supremacist that also happens to be extreme supporters of Trump but every once in a while an immigrant commits a crime
"Well thats true of any country except for sweden where the majority of crime is committed by immigrants from the middleeast etc. The same thing is happening in france
"Whittley Guidry Garcia  Because a lot of crime is caused by illegal criminals
"You're cynically parading out grieving parents to try to create a crisis where there isn't one...meanwhile...on the anniversary of a real crisis...the mass murder at Parkland...only one of many mass murders we've suffered in the country due to your unwillingness to even mention the crisis of gun violence the the real national emergency that requires reasonable gun control.  Since 9/11 white American born males
"Your loss is heart crushing.  I understand.  What I don't understand is WHY it is only the handful of victims killed by ""illegals"" are worthy of sympathy?  There are murder victims every day all over this country.  Families of those victims aren't deserving of notice because it doesn't further trump's agenda.  Why do other victims not matter?  They too are somebody's child/sibling/parent."
"it's amazing how he was deported but managed to get back to the US
"there are criminals everywhere
"“The president was right to declare our border crisis a national emergency. While the vast majority of illegal immigrants are not violent criminals
...more murder committed by our own legal citizens.  Facts first.
A Christian man killed many people. Let’s deport the Cristians!
A Republican killed my co-worker. Deport them all.
A american killed my cousin we need to build a wall around him I guess smh you people are puppets..most of the crime committed in this country past and present has been committed by Americans especially white..I'm just stating facts guys not racial at all
AMEN.USMC. build the wall mr. Trump we don't want the old legal c r we don't want the human trafficking of young girls we don't want all the drugs in our country that we don't want all the drugs in our country that are walls keep out the cartel 2 the drug cartel
Adopt the Texas law! Execute murderers regardless of citizenship.
Agree!!! I have a list of people to deport and revoke their “fake citizenship “ have proof they lied on their application
Agree...build the damn wall.  One murder from an illegal is one too many.  🇺🇸
Alejandro Sanchez and the mass shooters happened in liberal democrats state's with gun control and high crime rates
America is truly a fucked up place. Thousands of Americans are shot by other Americans. You do nothing about gun control but are happy to spend millions to keep a handful of criminals out rather than deal with the ones you’ve already got.
America's high priority is for you to be in prison where you belong..
Americans kill way more and produce more crime than any other country in the world. We are number 1 in incarceration of criminals. Safe my ass Mexico is just poor and they want to come here for the benefits 95 percent of the immigrants who cross illegally are just trying to survive and 5 percent are what yall are complaining about but like I said U. S has way more criminals
An American citizen killed 59 and wounded 500 at a Jason Aldean concert. Don't use these type of stories for reasons to build a wall. There are plenty of more valid ones. But this is making it look like the United States doesn't have murderers of their own. This causes people to hate people that look like me.
An illegal alien bastard murdered my godson.  May all MS-13 animals rot in hell.  I stand with the President.  BUILD THE WALL...and crime will fall.
An illegal alien from Mexico tried to murder me. Build the wall!!!!!! #MAGA #KAG
An illegal alien who had been deported 7 times killed my best friends ONLY child along with another young girl that night. He simply just snuck back in every time. Can’t help but wonder if it hadn’t been so easy to sneak back in if those poor girls would still be here.
An illegal immigrant killed my Uncle. Had been deported twice.
And a white man in Colorado murder his pregnant wife a kid.
And that's why the Democrats oppose the wall. It's apparent that they are getting kickbacks from the Mexican cartel. Just like the last Mexican president was getting. Most likely what Chapo said is true the Pelosi and the Democrats are on the payroll
Ange Richmond ... No... The percentage of crime by immigrants is lower compared to percentage of Americans.
Another murder on the hands of the democrats
Any crime committed by an illegal immigrant is a crime that could have been avoided if our borders were secure and our immigration laws were enforced.
Austin Baker he’s using the death to push for his border wall which he INCLUDES in the headline.   EXCEPT a wall will do nothing for illegal immigration. They overstay their visas or come in with forged documents. The ACTUAL drugs and crime come through vehicles through legal ports of entry.   He’s not asking you to pay for immigration suppression but an entire waste of money that’s more symbolic of America than it is an effective tools
BUILD THE WALL AND DEPORT THEM ALL
BUILD the wall to keep the millions and trillions of rapists and drug dealers from pouring in.
Beth Ritchason those people have a right to be here. We don't need to import more criminals! DRUGS poor over that boarder and Americans die.
Bill Rahbine and what if your daughter was ever to get murdered by a illegal that's in a cartel ? 🤣🤷🏻‍♀ 1 against .. what ? 50 thugs ? ... that wouldn't work out .
Build The Wall. Deport Them All!
Build the Wall Crime Will Fall..... More or less most countries have walls to protect their borders..... I cannot understand Demoncrats's objection to the wall to protect their own country.... What is their hidden agenda?
Build the wall and hunt down the MS13 gangs!
Build the wall nd less crime
CONS AND CRIMINALS ! Don't forget what we are dealing with
CRIMINALS COME IN ALL COLORS.....just saying.
Carol Flores and over 2/3rds of those are related to mental health. The statistics account for self harm and suicides as well. The vast majority of the rest are gang or street violence by people who are illegally in possession of the arms.   Depression kills more than violence and alcohol or tabacco kills more than both.  Opioids too...
Cartel not happy after paying these Democrats to stop the wall.
Cathy Rohrer-Mackenrodt  first illegal aliens not immigrants and 2nd even though this sounds crazy it's not illegal to be illegal in our country. It has always been they can only be deported if they commit a felony.
Charlesetta Brown its waaaaay more than one plus them being here is a crime itself. Hence the name ILLEGAL
Charlesetta Brown r u crazy one crime ? Open yoyr eyes . There is crime by the hour from these illegals. Not to mention these drugs are kids are getting from them. You people need to wake up
Chris Young so you can feel safe from the brown people?  The crime is happening already with Americans.
Cindy Sak Nowak obviously your comprehensive skills are based on Fictional world's where the same cops that you idiots are calling oppressors and murderers all of a sudden become your protectors when law abiding citizens have no guns. Get a clue
Crime has no color. Hate and resentment only bring more turmoil. Trust in God. Not in a wall or Trump.
Crime rates are higher for Americans than for immigrants. Fix gun control.
Curtis Rice lol - these comments are great. No one can even pull a BreitBart article above crime based on demographic.
DA Medina have you ever heard of MS13???
Demand your da to prosecute governor mayor even senators who allowed the murder to be here there are laws against aiding and abetting also go after aclu
Dennis J Sitko they’re our citizens and they will be punished. We don’t need criminals from other countries.
Deport All Liberal To Mexico!!!
Deport all Americans you must be including yourself then
Deport all immigrants they are all trouble we can do without.
Deport the rednecks keep the illegals.
Did I say import more criminals ? I dont see that in my comment ? But you cant go around blaming immagrants for every bad thing that happens and say nothing when your own does the same.
Does anyone not think that the Democrats are corrupt and making money from groups that profit from the illegal immigrants and drug smuggling coming across the border?
Dummycrats for prison 2019
Emily Neal underground weapons🙄 will always make it into the hands of criminals thus we don’t need to make laws making it harder for upstanding citizens with no record to own them!
Especially since we know criminals  and terrorists who come over illegally know they are protected by  the democrats.
Fernando B Nava yes we have enough criminals here already. We dont need any more
Funny you should mention El Paso...isn;t that the city with some kind of wall that was put up on the grounds it would way lower crime rates...but the city was already among the safest in the country and its wall didn't lower crimes rates...?
Gato Gato dont forget drugs gangs cartel human trafficking. Not just killings
Hey when they get deported it helps make it harder to get back into the United states. We can fight them but the problem is they just come back with out a wall
Hold pelosi and chuck schumer personally responsible for her murder and tell America who helped end your beautiful daughters young life
How can people just not view west coast drug crime and neverending homeless people with drug psychosis as a direct relation with that border
How did these immigrants get here? Probably at a port of entry. El Paso's crime level has increased since a wall was put up.
How do drugs get into prison if they have walls?
How does one have a criminal past but not be deported if they did not have legal documents to stay here? This is more then just a wall. The justice system sucks and needs fixing.
How many illegal immigrants committed mass murder or even murder as compared to home grown American men?  Let’s start by throwing you out!
How many legal people kill people everyday. We have a murder problem not an immigration problem
How many people died from prescribed medicines? Gun accidents? Vehicle accidents? Spousal abuse? Gang violence? Mental illness? Why are you picking on these families who are just trying to survive when home grown Americans are slaughtering each other and themselves daily?
How will you protect us from the thousands of American criminals already inside??😏
However the crime rate is lower by illegal immigrants than by legal citizens.
I agree and proud that you had an 18 year employee and who was employee of the month 13 times  wow  still kept to your conviction had the man deported !!  Can't say your not fair.  Now I know you will do the same with Melania's Family who got in via Chain Migration again because your a fair President and not the self serving hypocrite that anyone with an ounce of intelligence knows you are.   MAGA.
I am 100% BUILD THE WALL. BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL  BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL. DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS iLLEIN THEIR NOT BELONG THIS COUTRY. COME LEGALLY PERIOD.
I guess it means nothing to you that when an illegal commits a murder in this country.......YES that is his focus and it should be.............
I knew somebody who was killed by an illegal immigrant too. The murderer was from Canada!!! We need a wall for our northern borders too! Keep Canadians out! Build that Wall build that Wall build that Wall!
I support you 100% get the drugs off the streets ! Yes crime rate is going up for the Americans because drug dealers are getting it into their hands and they are going crazy and committing crime. We need more focus on mental health as well .
I totally agree especially here in California where the criminals have more right than the victims.
I wish our president would just get his pen out and declare a national emergency! These socialist Democrats are nothing but traitors to the safety of our country!!!! WHATS IT GOING TO TAKE TO ARREST THESE CRIMINALS HIDING IN THE HALLS OF CONGRESS AND THE SENATE..... not to mention the governors!!!!
If criminals use Ports of Entry. Why do they dig so many tunnels along the border?
If it ain't guns they will use bombs go educate yourself. These gun laws don't work for criminals dumb ass
If people don't like the thought of a wall then why don't we open all the prison in America they are behind a wall or barrier for some reason or let someone walk thru your front door without knocking what is wrong with you people we need to protect our country everyone one needs to come the same way as our ancestors did legally
Illegal drugs killed mine 👺🙈🙊🙉Fake media and uncaring Demolition Dems haters of Justice & citizens & security sanctuary for illegals and homeless & criminals 👹👺🤷‍♀️what can we do these fools are evil
Illegal immigrant commit a crime: we need a wall kick all of them out White boys shooting up schools: He was a lonely boy he just needed a hug.😐😐😐
Illegal immigrants commit murder so do American citizens. #Donthecon
It's alright when they wanted to do it an all agreed but it's just because Trump is not a life long politician they don't want him to do it an look like a hero after it stops all the drugs an massive crime from pouring into our country it's a fucking joke
It's pretty clear as to which politicians are owned by the cartel.
Its is his highest priority! Even one murder is over the line. Even for one the wall must go up!
I’m sorry but all illegal aliens aren’t criminals just look at that white guy yesterday killing five and wounding six. When is the Orange Dotard going to do something about that?
Jackie Lee Collins American prisons are filled with Americans.  And?  You think because we have criminals here we should invite more criminals to come here?     Were you born this stupid or did you have to work at it?
Jacqueline Alas laws against murder already on the books and enforced. We are demanding the remainder of our laws are enforced. What is so controversial about that? Why is that so difficult to comprehend.
James McFarlane You can certainly have him. Any respect I might have had for him vanished the day he referred to Hispanics as murders and rapists. As if we in the US have only law abiding citizens.
Jim Butkowsky these are the people that see anyone can carry a gun and look at the number of gun crime let alone MASS SHOOTING  !
Just do it do it do it.... Nobody loves crimes and criminals
Karen Breunig and?  So we have murderers her and you think that means we should welcome murderers to come here?  Nope
Kelly Preiss Wilhelm I never want to see anyone killed period. He does talk about it though.   “It’s criminals which will always have guns “. We could ban all guns in America.   The criminals would still have them.  Gun control only disarms the good ppl.  I’m so sorry you lost someone to this crime invested country.  And we all need to work together to push out the bad.  Not argue.  There’s a lot more good ppl than bad.  Ppl has to stand up to the thugs.  They’re out numbered by far.
Kerri Siegler Stockin you live in the city with the most crime of anywhere in the country. None of them are immigrants there
Kim Miller  lol lol I love when you idiot say this! I do! So your cure is to take guns away from non criminals so that when criminals Illegally get a gun theLaw abiding citizens can't protect themselves! You definitely are a Dem! Lol No better then Obama care or the new universal health care that your demoRATs want to try AGAIN????
Kyle Callender ....Control laws TAKE lives......  The more guns in civilian hands equals less crime and safer communities.  Every year in the US guns are used millions of times to stop criminal actions.  By contrast a relatively few innocent people are killed with one.
LET'S IMPORT MORE CRIMINALS!!!- Jesus Ayala
Let's see a person with a gun walks in to public and opens fire. Democrats are like ban all guns. Yet a person enters our country illegally and commits a crime. Dems are like... Give them benefits. But no dont do anything to control the problem. #speakingoutofbothsidesofyourmouth #prioritieswhatsthat
Liberals care more for illegal invaders and criminals than Americans.  Thank GOD for President Trump!  MAGA
Liv Harper so lets let more problems flow through the border so we have even more crime to deal with??
Lynn Limauro Floyd  if they committed murder firing squad
Lynn Limauro Floyd A white guy drove drunk and killed my uncle. We need to deport white people too!
Many States have a 2x - 3rd jail. It helps until someone gets out. It's an addiction and needs treated as such. But it takes like all addictions. The addict has to work hard at staying sober for life. It's a decision with prayers. Illegals need to stay out of America period. They should be tried for murder ..
Margo Smith really?  Where do you get that information?  Did you know 50% of the violent crime in America is committed by 13% of the population.  That 13% ain't white.
Martin Miranda no the wall at the prison or mental facility will hold them     walls work
Mathew Bake des he built one in oval Office with Lego Stones.  But this was it . Later in Prison He finde a Lot of Walls who surruond him. Orange is good Color for workingsuite
More. Criminals are coming.  Liberals wants all of them. Here.  They protect theirs houses and have extra proteccion. What about. We. The. People. 🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️😭
Most criminals don't use a gun that they legally bought FYI
My friend was stabbed 40 times the illegal was just deported to Mexico.  That was his punishment.  And you wonder why I fight for the wall?
My heart is broken for you. It is past time to have this issue addressed and the criminals handled and our American laws enforced!
My husband and I were in a terrible reck in 2013.An illegal immigrant almost killed me and my husband. He was 17 didn’t have a license was driving someone else’s car. Was going 80 in a 30 miles zone. Before he hit us he passed a car with a family that had 3 little kids in the car. That could had very well killed them Thank god he didn’t and my husband had to be cut out of the car. He was drunk on top of that. Didn’t spend one night in jail. My husband was I c u for 14 days had too have emergency surgery on his neck and back. This is a man that has never had a broken bone in his body or stitches either. Until that night he still isn’t the same till this day. So yes I’m all for the wall 💯percent. We need a president like Trump he is the one that can get the job done.👍🏻👏👊🇺🇸
Next time an illegal kills a US Citizen I propose that Pelosi and Schumer be charged along with the murderer. Time them two anti American domdsic terrorist learn the consequences of their stupidity
Not all immigrants are committing crime Mr Honourable President arrest criminals and let the children women and men get assistance or build them a city were there can work on the American system and economy
Not true. 50 people dead so far this year from American citizens shooting each other up. We know what the real emergency is. Most violent crime is not perpetrated by illegal immigrants. Trump just loves to exploit these anecdotal stories when it does happen though.
Obummer will enjoy prison life from what I hear.
Okay why don't you do the same post for white kids killing each other due to your stupid gun laws. Oh because the NRA paid you and you don't want to admit the real threat is guns in the US. Actually look at statistics of crime who commits the crimes sorry but it ain't immigrants or illegals because you don't understand the situations that people come from or why they are illegal. For them its sorry you can't enter this country because the USA decided to destroy your country causing all government bodies and data they held about you to  be destroyed as well a lot of the people that would provide the proper paper work are dead or have fled. So after you risk your life escaping a war torn hell none of you will understand or have any sympathy because we fear everything especially if its different . sorry conservatives but apparently you are more fearful than less conservative minds. Don't worry there's not a illegal hiding in ya cupboard Obama put there. Don't forget Jesus was a refugee
One of sister's best friends was killed by an illegal immigrant.  There were 3 illegals in the car.  The driver never even slowed down at the stop sign on a side highway and was speeding.  He hit her while she was driving the speed limit of 65.  She was life watched but didn't survive long.  The 3 men weren't even injured.  They had no insurance and actually tried to hire an attorney to sue the husband of the woman he killed.  They got out of jail somehow and fled back to Mexico.  I always wonder how long it took them to cross back into the states and how many other crimes they've committed since then.
Our tax dollars are wasted anyway. Let's just take a chance and build the wall just maybe some people will use the front door and come legal or go to jail.
People don’t realize that these people coming here the wrong way could be criminals. Also they try to bring drugs over in turn kill our loved ones.
People who don't want the wall are for criminals -aka. Democrats. We elected President Trump to fight criminals and we want him to . #BUILDTHEWALL
Pierre-Luc Vachon how's that gun control working out in Chicago?  Crime is UP since they started it there.
Piper Tunno the shooters are either dead or in prison.  We have criminal citizens who are punished. We don’t need to add illegal criminals from other countries to the ones we already have.
Places that have the strictest gun control measures have the most gun violence making it harder for law abiding citizens to have guns while criminals continue to get them however they please makes zero sense! It makes people less safer!
Prison walls will keep us safe from you.
Question about any one that believes walls won’t work do prisons deploy walls anyone I’ve ever seen does I surely don’t see criminals running wild
Right wing Trump supporters have killed over 50 on school and public area mass shootings. We need to deport all Trump supporters and impeach/remove Trump
Ron Gagnon so you're saying once the wall is built there be no more shootings no more deaths no more drugs in the United States. You're a fool and Trump is using scare tactics. There was just a murder yesterday no one has said one word about that that's because the guy was in the u.s. citizen he shot and killed five people and wounded five others
Round them up and deport them.
Same with americans how many terrorists  in jail they are all criminals to
Secure our border and prevent criminals from being exported to our shores
Should we deport all white people to Europe then?  Almost every single mass murderer is White.  Huh?
So I’m guessing it’s ok if the murderer was from America? Well that’s who is committing the majority of murders here. Americans.
So this situation is made better by allowing illegal dangerous criminals into our country???
So would it have been better if it was an American who killed her? I’m far more worried about a fellow American killing me than an illegal immigrant. Stop trying to highlight every murder by an illegal immigrant to push your agenda!
Sorry for you loss. Illegals should be deported immediately.
Sorry to hear... if the wall is already built and we have illegal immigrants inside of the country that is not the biggest problem because it is easy to find here inside the country and easy to deport...
Start interior enforcement & not just criminals....
Stephen King they do it’s called jail lots of fencing and Wall!!! 😆
Stricter gun laws will protect Americans walls will not help the crime problem
Ted Bundy was convicted of killing 36 women. And he did so by going state to state and escaping from prison a few times. We should have border walls on state line.
Thank you Mr Trump .for caring about the USA and its citizens. Build that Wall..and deport.
Thanks for walling the world's largest cartel in with us. Also for giving them a huge tax break
The MSM doesn't report the news any more but years ago the Mexican president released all his criminals from prisons so long as they left the country and went to America.  That explains illegal aliens of Mexico and crime.
The Mexican drug cartels have a lot of money and they know how to invest it to maximize their illegal profits. During the national discussion in this country about legalizing marijuana it was suspected that a large amount of cartel money went into swaying public opinion away from the legalization.  Is it possible that cartel money is now being used to change public opinion and the politicians opinions on the construction of the border wall between Mexico and the United States? I am just wondering now……
The President is a member of ms13
The criminal trumpleforeskin is going to prison.
The democrats and republicans voting against the wall should all be charged with murder for each person killed by an illegal.  They are responsible for the deaths.
The dictator is a fascist and and a crook and will be in prison soon.
The problem is when the immigrant doesn't face any charges because they are here illegally.   My uncle was killed in aurora colorado. He was hit by an illegal alien who was driving drunk without a license. The courts commuted his ENTIRE sentence so that he could be deported. So he is probably in mexico drinking beers with his friends while my aunt and cousins have no father or husband.
The sad truth is that a wall will not keep crime and killers at bay...
The topography of the land does not allow for a a complete wall. I believe the people in charge of protecting the border should be the ones to suggest where reenforcement of the barriers should take place. Not against a barrier. Just against a pathological lying narcissistic immoral pos who's only agenda is what will benifit him.  Take a couple of steps back and ask why so many of the people that surrounded his campaign are either in jail or under indictment. If you say deep state then you have no hope.
Then deport all of the insurgents currently sitting in detention. Sweep the American Southwest house by house and remove them all.
There are Five groups that oppose a wall/barrier and increasing border security: 1) Those that smuggle people into the US. 2) Those that smuggle drugs into the US 3) Those that smuggle guns into the US 4) The Blue fascist rats. 5) Brainless zombies who believe anything the Blue fascist rats tell them….
There were numerous serial killers and guess what? They r mostly white! So should they have gotten deported too?
They might work built around you & yr crime fam. Let's start there and see.... QUIT USING THE TRAGEDY OF SOME FAMILIES WHILE YOU CAUSE TRAGEDY TO OTHER FAMILIES IN YOUR FOOLS GAME - #SOULESSTRUMP
This is HORRIBLE that our President would share something like this. Smh from a drunk driving accident? Come on now...this is SO DIRTY! That white kid in TX that killed a whole family didnt even get any jail time because of his privilege. But u wanna use this as a platform for billions of dollars for a wall??? GTFOH!
This is why we need a wall. Here are some of the victims stories. Some of these people who are murdered were murdered by illegals who were previously deported. http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp
Throw........ MS. Nope already got trump getting dump over the wall and let the Spanish and cartel take care of him. Then.... Tear the wall down
Timothy Kershner So we should import  more criminals illegally? That's a old weak talking point!! You my friend are the one that need to shut up!!
Tony Palmer  I but it would prevent massive drug influx and criminals from entering
Trump I support this build the wall finish the wall crime will fall!!😎
Trump prison 20 to life
Until Prisons are safe of Drugs and Crime then we should support a Wall.  A National Emergency should have been when School Kids were Slaughtered by White men with AR's.. Let that sink in Chump..
Walls  work  IF  they  are  prison  walls  with  the  required  human  resources.  May  you  know  such  in  your  lifetime.
Walls do work and we definitely need this wall and congress best stop playing games with our safety and get this wall done or they will be removed by the people once and for all . They should all be locked up for harboring and protecting criminals. Thats what they are doing.
Walls don't work. If they want to deal drugs or do harm their going to find a way to do it.  That's why their called criminals.
Walls work that's why there is no drugs and weapons in prison
Was he a drug dealer or gang member?
We as Americans should have an open season on hunting illegals and criminals
We can’t go into Mexico or any other country without a visa we would be thrown out. The point is lawless people don’t give a dam about doing the right thing. They will continue to break the laws and to those opposing the wall when illegal immigrant commits a crime against your love one you might never get the reason for security. So how’s about not locking your homes door or car let’s see what happens to you.
We finally have a president that cares above the people in this world should've been put up long ago we would not have had so much crime
We have enough problems with our own criminals! We don't need illegal criminals to compound the problem
We need the wall... we need to deport the illegals... iof they can't come the right way stop breaking into our country same as coming into my home or your home when we are not home breaking and entering.
We need to deport every illegal MF out of this country.
We need to simply execute illegal criminals and deport the rest to the middle East!!!
We need to understand that illegal immigrants are mostly coming here for work and are hired and paid cash under the table.  Those are the criminals... I wish Trump would address that issue instead of just building a wall.
What a lie Trump signed bill allowing million illegal communist south American 's to come to USA and never be deported Mr Trump walls derverison so Trump and other traitors screw USA flooding USA with commies south American 's
What about all the white men who committed mass murder you f*** is kill me you only want to acknowledge s*** that's good for you f*** you Donald Trump
What about all those non illegals that murder like yesterdays shooting...how is a wall going to protect us. National emergency si gun control not trumps promised wall.
What good is the wall you have 30 million ILLEGALS here now and sanctuary cities what good is the freaking wall deport them now you fraud president then build the wall
When I wanted to escape prison it was a wall that stopped me 😅💯
Where does the wall go for wealthy privileged american citizens who get away with rape and murder??
Where was the illegal murderer from?  What country?  You know we grow our own criminals in this country.  We’re any of the kids killed inn school shootings?  I believe all of the shooters were born and raised in the United States.
Who are the legal immigrants who are in jail in the USA???
With all due respect...this could have been done by any us citizen.  Not just a  immigrant.      This happens all the time in the US by us citizens.   Alchoholism is a  horrid disease.    Guns kill at much higher rates  as Americans purposely murder at much higher rates.
Would it only be illegal immigrants that would ransack his house? because no Americans would ever commit a crime 🙄 moron
YES THEY COME HERE BUY CARS AND DRIVE WITH OUT LICENSE MANY THINK AGAIN OUR PRESIDENT DONALD  TRUMP IS TRYING TO PROTECT OUR LIVES HE IS FIGHT AGAINST TERRORIST AND IN LEGAL PEOPLE ISIS AGAINST DRUG SMUGGLING INLEGALS I VOTED FOR TRUMP WILL AGAIN IF I AM STILL ON EARTH LIFE IS SO SHORT TRUMP HAS DONE MORE GOOD  THAN ANY OTHER PRESIDENT    HAS SINCE KENNEDY
Yep! I'm sick and tired of hearing about how illegal crime rate is getting lower or they commit crimes at a lesser rate then people born here. Here is the deal. The illegal crime rate should be ZERO. That is the only exceptable number. Why? They shouldn't even be here.
Your son Junior will be very safe behind thick prison walls.
cartel: 30
comments with slurs: 
crime: 188
criminals: 179
dealer: 10
deport: 49
deported: 59
gang: 16
how many legal citizens are murderer?
its irrelevant whether the murderer was an illegal immigrant or not..
jail: 30
ms13: 17
murder: 100
murderer: 18
murderers: 14
prison: 65
rapist: 3
rapists: 5
smuggle: 3
smuggling: 6
the IDIOT central american GANG member in the photo thinks he can evade detection if he wears an italia shirt. Dumb ILLITERATE ILLEGALS. CA is teeming with these lowlifes. BUILD THAT WALL. DEPORT THEM  ALL.  http://enewspaper.latimes.com/infinity/article_share.aspx?guid=425d841b-a4ca-4f87-86b9-df6c0829b6bf
total: 792
whoever denies that wall will work is an idiot with an agenda in collution with the drugs cartel of Mexico
