
"""An illegal immigrant killed someone I love! While 3 people in my community were killed by natural born citizens. But I only care about what directly affects me. So let's focus on the immigrant"".  Conservative logic behind the wall. 🤔"
"""Illegal Immigrant"" is just a nice way of saying criminal
"110% I support the safety of all american..and those who live here legal  no matter who you are and where you came from. I came here as an immigrant
"39 mass shootings this year (4 or more people shot) none by illegal immigrants
"A illegal immigrant killed my friend georgia
"A wall is not going to stop immigrants all together!!  Let's change the laws.  No more welfare assistance
"All celebrities who live in “ walled mansions “ should tear them down and erupt a sign out front that says “ All immigrants ( illegal only ) are welcome to come in
"An illegal immigrant committed a hit and run on my husband and I while we were riding our motorcycle.  We were left for dead in the middle of a road.  Yes
"An illegal immigrant hit my car broadside which put me in the hospital with 4 broken bones
"An illegal immigrant killed a friend of mine.  He was driving without a license and ran a stop sign.  My friend on his motorcycle hit the side of the van and was killed instantly.  He had no license
"An illegal immigrant killed my boyfriends sister while driving illegally and driving drunk... this is after he was deported 2 times
"An illegal immigrant killed one of my friends
"Angela K Christensen I cannot claim to have lost a loved one due to an illegal immigrant. However
"Any Immigrant who wants to enter the US. Should wear a tracking device until proven he or she is ""responsible"" with a Job
"Approximately 50% of 'illegal immigrants fly into the US. About 90% of imported drugs arrive by sea. No wall has ever worked
"Benji Smith illegal immigrants is illegal already
"Betsy Hammond We spend $150 billion per year on illegal immigrants welfare. Even if wall only stopped half of it
"Bill Reese unfortunate accidents happen all the time. This story is purely about blaming illegal immigrants. And I will still stand with that is petty. Might as well blame the place that made the beer
"Bob Segal I've listened to trump. I've seen how he works up his base at rallies. . He's inflated statistics to demonize immigrants
"Brown immigrants
"Build the wall and in same time sand all illegal immigrants back where they come from. You will see difference in over economy. Unemployment O
"Can I asked how they were an illegal resident?? Did they over stayed their vacation visa like majority of the illegal immigrants? Did they travel over by planes or cross over at the port of entry with a granted visa to only visit and return after their purpose? If so
"Chris Hall ""if it saves one life it's worth it"" does that mean you are also in favor of stricter gun control laws since it will save at least one life? What about the lives of baby immigrants that have died in the custody of the government? Will we end the practice of family separation to save those one lives as well? What about the asylum seekers that would die if not granted asylum into our country? Will we reform our asylum and immigration policies to save those one lives? You say a wall of it saves one life is worth it... then you should apply that principle equally to all lives."
"Closed minded people in this country . How about if we use that money and spend it on veterans and other important things that we need here ? Everyone is acting like immigrants are coming here to kill Americans
"Damn! They missed you? Some European Immigrant terrorist kill other people innocent Fathers
"Democrats want open unsecured borders.  They also want no voter ID.  Democrats also know 8 in 10 legal and illegal immigrants vote for Democrats.   Democrats realized this affect in California elections...and now control that state.  Democrats cannot be trusted
"Dems seems to forget about all the people affected by illegal immigrants. From murders
"Did this illegal immigrant even cross the border by ground or did they over stay their Visa or arrive by air or boat? A wall can only possibly stop one way of arrival
"Disgusting how an illegal immigrant kills a human being and basically gets off scott free and  a friend of mine who was a homeless vet with mental issues and PTSD attempts to kill a guy in California
"Don't worry you will do it to yourselves what's been done by immigrants
"Edgar D. GutierrezTexas is the only state to track crime specifically among illegal immigrants let's use them as an example:  Between January 2011- January 2019 there have been 10 school shootings in the state of Texas. Of those 10 shootings 15 people have died and 28 have been injured.   Now let's look at crime amongst illegal immigrants in Texas. ""Between June 1
"False logic. An illegal immigrant may harm your family and therefore we need a wall. It’s like saying you burnt the chicken and now I don’t like pizza. Yes
"Flint Michigan has poisonous water     White American terrorists kill far more Americans than illegal immigrants.        Hell
"Has Trump even mentioned the shooting this week of 5 people by Another American  who should not have had a gun. Nothing to do with the southern boarder again.  This post is one immigrant story which is now very old. Add up the amount of Americans our own Americans have killed in mass shootings!The emergency is new gun laws!!! And as for drugs
"Haters wouldn’t be hating if there Son or daughter was killed by a illegal immigrant! Securing our borders is a priority! Walls
"Having illegal immigrants in our country has gone long enough. We’ve lost a lot of good Americans because these dirty/filthy illegal immigrants that wants to damned this great nation of freedom
"How are you protecting us from the domestic white Terrorists?  You’re not and they kill more then immigrants
"I am very sorry and I respect everyone who has been hurt by a illegal immigrant but the killing in SandyHook
"I have been rear ended by an illegal immigrant twice
"I love this cause its neglecting the fact that American people kill each other too. he's trying to control the population by using immigrants as a sort of scapegoats
"I see illegal immigrants walking working traveling freely in USA
"I strongly feel that if Govenors / Senators /  Congressmen & Attorney Generals keep protecting criminals or Illegal immigrants that cause harm & crime to the people of the USA & keep protecting harboring the repeat offenders & aiding & abetting "" "" Sanctuary Cities or "" illegals "" regardless of nationality & the criminals & committing treason against the people of the USA... That the people of that State should file a Federal Class Action lawsuit & start a go fund me account to pay for it...  ;) just a thought... ;)   SHARE IT YOU AGREE OR IF YOU FEEL FROGGY..."
"I support securing our border and strongly enforcing immigration laws. An undocumented immigrant does not have the legal right to be in this country
"I think illegal immigrants are the scourge of all our countries 
"I think the American people have a generous instinct. They understand that we're a nation of immigrants. But if those folks are going to live in this country
"I used to live next door to a lady that had three little boys. She was a white American Woman but she dated a lot of illegal immigrants later I found out that she was involved in helping them
"I was injured in a car accident caused by an illegal immigrant. 13 years later I still have mobility issues because of it. A couple months before
"I was working for an employer who had hired illegal immigrants and didn't notify the staff that had been working there. One of the younger a_ _ holes invited me out to his place for a beverage
"I'm so sorry for your loss however more kids get killed in this country by American citizens. The immigrants aren't the problem
"If all illegal immigrants will leave America tomorrow 
"If illegal immigrants are so dangerous why does he employ them at all his Trump properties?! The man lies to your face (every single day) and you love him
"Illegal European immigrants killed almost all real Americans some hundred years ago. Do you all forget where you come from. That happen in a country where it is more important to learn how to shoot
"Illegal immigrants drive in America without insurance and cause accidents
"Illegals don't belong here! We welcome immigrants coming legally! If they are coming illegally
"Immigrants killed thousands of my people. Thanks
"It is not an iligal immigrant
"I’m an illegal immigrant. I stole some white boys job (being paid under the table has its benefits)
"Kelly Anders hopefully you realize that not all illegal immigrants are brown.  Also
"Kris Landers if a known serial killer was loose in your neighborhood would you lock your doors? An illegal immigrant is a KNOWN criminal
"Like if immigrants are the only people in the world that kill people.  So much hate on the heart of this fake presidents.  White people kill more people than anyone in the entire history
"Link Lindquist this post is not about immigrants
"Many illegal immigrants are law abiding people who provide for their families.  Then
"Many of the people who oppose the border security in other words the wall are too ignorant to comprehend the dangers of what I call free-range illegal immigrants! Until something devastating happens to them or their family they'll never get the complete and full picture. They see these jelly brained corrupt politicians such as Pelosi and Schumer speaking on how cruel and inhumane it is to separate families at the border
"Maureen Hersey Brown .... Want to know why just look at the way trump's supporters berate and call Democrats and other political critics vile names (as trump does to his critics).  i have immigrants living in my neighborhood and they are way more decent than some of trump's that one sees in his posts.  Incidentally
"Michala Dotson we’re not talking about immigrants
"More people are killed by American citizens than immigrants
"My 18 year brother was killed by an illegal immigrant in 2005 who was high on drugs and drunk
"My father was also killed by an illegal immigrant on February 17
"My son was killed by an illegal Mexican immigrant who had already been deported once for DUI. He choose to drive drunk
"No trump is wrong and he can not be trusted to tell the truth any longer. Thousands of Illegal immigrant's cross the boarder at our check points every week right now
"One fucking girl gets killed whose father happens to be a rich white guy who advocates Trump says that it’s all immigrants fault his daughter died. Yeah
"POTUS (ANTICHRIST);        Rightly said; finally spoke TRUTH.  GOD bless Angel moms.  SAD that people come to this country and do their bad deeds here. It is a VERY LOW PERCENTAGE OF IMMIGRANTS THOUGH; which you choose to highlight LIAR.   MY HEART GOES OUT TO THEM ALL.   Answer me this though;        How about ALL THE IMMIGRANT ANGEL MOMS which YOU SEPARATED from their KIDS? How about ALL the ANGEL MOMS that LOSE KIDS DUE to GUN VIOLENCE? How about ALL the ANGEL MOMS that LOSE KIDS DUE to SHOOTINGS or DRUGS? How about ALL the ANGEL MOMS that LOSE KIDS DUE to ALCOHOL?        HOW ABOUT JAKELIN CAAL MAQUIN'S PARENTS?😠😠😠😠😠😠😠       ARE YOU HIGHLIGHTING THAT TOO?  FUCKEN LIAR FROM HELL! 😠😠😠  Respectfully; Omar Martinez ""I AM"" JesusChrist Eternally"
"Patty Bertocchini La Puma lying liar. You are 100% wrong. One officer was killed by an illegal immigrant. One. I’m not defending it
"People dont realize that more Americans kill Americans than anyone else. Why isn't that being talked about? I live in El Paso. That stretch of road is known to have deadly accidents. It just so happened that this individual was an immigrant. However if it were to be any other driver
"Robert Dahlquist You did not read the article. Its about how just being an illegal immigrant caused someone to die. Alcohol is mentioned (unknown where it came from)
"SHOULD BE a wall with the names of those murdered by NOT immigrants BUT ILLEGALS on the Capitol grounds and see it sadly grow EVERY DAY
"Serious question: How is a wall going to prevent DWI’s or reduce the immigrants who legally came to The U.S. but illegally stayed? The only wall that exists to any magnitude is a landmark
"So many against the border wall until if affects them. Wake up before it affects you and your family. Illegal immigrants are all over the country
"So this illegal immigrant was arrested in 2017? Wouldn’t it have been better to focus on locking him up instead of locking up the kids in camps? I’m just a simple mind but it seems obvious that this is who should be locked up and not the children. Anyway
"THANK YOU 4 caring enough to do something 4 the Citizens & Immigrants that came here LEGALLY.   Obama sent Billions 2  "" other "" countries 4 borders
"That statistic is for LEGAL immigrants
"The Great Hoax of Open border (ILLEGAL) Immigration Policies will be exposed by history as one of the most evil and corrupt actions by our Capitalist Political Establishment. It benefits those with capital who want to employ cheap labor. Our middle-class and low income disproportionately suffer the ill effects and social burden of this sick self serving policy. That’s assuming all illegal immigrants we welcome here aren’t criminals but just good people appreciative of the opportunity to bare racial and economic discrimination for the many opportunities USA provides. Criminals
"The biggest problem in America is NOT illegal immigrants
"The democrats and whosoever wanna have humanity and pity for these illegal immigrants please post your Name
"The sick idiots who are laugh reacting this post are the problem. Let's exchange them for legal immigrants. Give the immigrants all of their possessions
"The wall WILL finally be built and the liberals are going to EXPLODE   Promise made Promise kept  Promise delivered   What is so bad with keeping EVERYONE LEGAL and HONEST and  NOT allowing ILLEGALS here?  No one ever said IMMIGRANTS wasn't allowed here
"There are too many innocent people being murdered every day and if you look at it long and hard you can see that it all is happening because there is no border wall to keep illegal immigrants out.  Weather it is from their drugs laced with fentanyl or weapons they brought with them or illegal immigrants who think the laws do not exist or pertain to them.  Build the wall and make them come through legally and catch the drugs and weapons at the port of entry!  We can't take care of our own.  Why are we still taking care of them.  The money it takes to build the wall will be cheaper in the long run from the money we save from Narcon used to save drug attics
"These killers ...They are not illegal immigrants
"This is disgusting abuse of facts. Illegal immigrants have lower crime rates than Americans. To single out specific cases
"Trotting out the victims of crimes by immigrants DOES NOT make your case.   You are a pathetic user.   For once in your life
"Trump actively hires illegal immigrants at his properties. Republicans are hypocrites. They say they’re anti abortion
"Undocumented immigrant receives Medal of Honor for his actions in combat and is beaten with a baseball bat when he returns home. On Nov. 27
"Walls can't stop a determined immigrant
"We have criminals on the daily that are citizens including every shooter lately who happens to be a white nazi supremacist that also happens to be extreme supporters of Trump but every once in a while an immigrant commits a crime
"Well thats true of any country except for sweden where the majority of crime is committed by immigrants from the middleeast etc. The same thing is happening in france
"We’re all immigrants
"What most of Trump’s supporters need to understand is that illegal immigrants commit less than 1% of violent crimes in this country. 4 studies have been written
"When Democrats dismiss the fact that illegal immigrants are killing citizens 
"When an immigrant kill 1 person white citizens have already killed 10
"White domestic terrorists kill more people than undocumented immigrants. The President should be doing something to solve crises
"Why do we assume that every illegal immigrant climbed over the wall. I saw their make shift boats washed ashore in Florida one year? Pretty sure they weren't American and are now walking the streets of Florida! As a matter of fact all the hired help at Mar A Lago are illegal! Oh
"Why do you believe that being killed by an illegal immigrant is somehow worse than being killed by citizen - which happens with far more frequency? In Texas
"Yes. Except there is no such thing as an ""illegal immigrant"" because Persons Here Illegally (PHIs) are not ""immigrants.""  The faster we get everyone to call PHIs PHIs instead of ""immigrants"" the easier it will be to reduce the number of PHIs in the United States dramatically.  It's all in THIS BOOK. Every America who cares about secure borders should READ IT NOW:  http://www.amazon.com/Stop-Calling-Them-Immigrants-Illegally/dp/1973509075/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1550423658&sr=8-1&keywords=stop+calling+the+immigrants"
"an illegal immigrant killed my brother in law  back in 1968 in his back yard when he had a celebration party for his son's deployement to Vietnam    they hit him in the head with a lead pipe crushing his skul after they were told to leave
"its sad but has nothing to do with illegal immigrants
"the arrigance of the left in idealizing illegal immigrants as good citizens who just want to fit in and find a better life for their family. i should note
"🐷""An illegal immigrant...""😂😂😂👉🐽"
"“The president was right to declare our border crisis a national emergency. While the vast majority of illegal immigrants are not violent criminals
(Some died.  Ban immigrants and build a wall)
....and a white person killed how many innocent people in Las Vegas...how many innocent kids got killed by a white kid while at school..how many innocent people got killed while watching a movie at a movie theater by a white person..how many people got killed while attending church services by a white person..just asking for an illegal immigrant who only comes to do a job a white person doesnt want to do..
4000+ Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants (that we know about)!
A border wall won't bring back the dead folks who have been killed by home grown American citizens or by illegal immigrants (who may have come in through an airport).  It is despicable to exploit peoples' personal tragedies for political reasons.
A walk MUST be built. Maybe some of the liberals that are against the wall should have one of their children or a family member killed/murdered by one of these illigal immigrants. Just maybe they would change their mind and be supportive in building this so needed wall.
Abdul Majid she is a legal immigrant
According to Jim Acosta the person is “allegedly” an illegal immigrant.
Alberto Weisz you can’t take your door down but not because of illegal immigrants because of American citizens
All of you crying over illegal immigrants killing someone you know but what about all of the Americans going to schools and killing your children?? What is done about that? More Americans kill each other than illegal immigrants kill Americans.
All the school shootings killed by not illegal immigrants!!
America used to be a great country but long time a go some white immigrants start crossing borders from  Europe then now they think   They own this country if you aré from Mexico and live in California Nevada Utah. Colorado all those states you are not illegal no one from Mexico is illegal on stolen lands
Americans kill Americans all the time. Hell I bet the damn police kill more innocent people than any so called “undocumented immigrants”
Americans kill way more and produce more crime than any other country in the world. We are number 1 in incarceration of criminals. Safe my ass Mexico is just poor and they want to come here for the benefits 95 percent of the immigrants who cross illegally are just trying to survive and 5 percent are what yall are complaining about but like I said U. S has way more criminals
An illegal  immigrant  almost killed my boyfriend and father in law. Hit them in the back  made them roll 4 times and he ran!! Still got away with it. He was drinking and driving...president Trump build the wall!!!
An illegal immigrant cut my lawn we dont need a wall
An illegal immigrant gave me a blow job once while on vacation in Mexico it was excellent!!!!!!!! She didn’t speak English and I didn’t speak Mexican but she was beautiful and understood American currency. Overall a excellent cleaning lady on my all inclusive vacation
An illegal immigrant hit my mother in oncoming traffic on Cinco de mayo... Glad she is still here.no justice for his actions.
An illegal immigrant is someone who failed to give government $1000 for paper to get his/her Visa. The wall is just to secure payment is all. The illegal that killed this person bought gun from a legal American citizen what gives.
An illegal immigrant killed my 24 year old brother about a mile from his home. My brother was test driving a motorcycle and the illegal immigrant pulled out in front of him(the man was driving unlicensed and illegally) then left my brother to die on the side of the road. So I support the wall 100%!!
An illegal immigrant killed my Uncle. Had been deported twice.
An illegal immigrant killed my father in 1991.
An illegal immigrant killed my friends 16  year old daughter Madison Wells from New Jersey this summer. She was stabbed several times outside in front of her aunt's house she went into the house collapsed on the floor bleeding out her father walked in shortly after her called 911 and she passed away as they were Wheeling her through the emergency room doors
An illegal immigrant knocked over a building and killed my brother.  Damn you Superman!!
An illegal immigrant was drunk driving and killed NFL linebacker Edwin Jackson. News was mostly silent...
An immigrant saved my brother from being robbed
And no one has killed an illegal immigrant in the US
And what about all the illegal immigrants working at your hotel's you're a moron. #donaldtrump
And who would be the first to blame President Trump if an illegal killed one of their family members because a homicidal immigrant walked across the border without detection because there is no deterent like the wall.  Hypocrisy in the highest form Demwits!!!!
Ange Richmond ... No... The percentage of crime by immigrants is lower compared to percentage of Americans.
Any crime committed by an illegal immigrant is a crime that could have been avoided if our borders were secure and our immigration laws were enforced.
Anyone can be hurt or killed not jest legal immigrants can hurt others it's American people to
Apple Rivera How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?
Are you fucking kidding me we give illegal immigrants 155million  a year in welfare.
Aren't we all illegal immigrants?
Art Jackson  Dear... The problem of immigrants before the elections before 2016... The problem is outdated... But at the beginning of 2017... Congress was Republican... The wall and its problems will not affect the 2020 elections... Like now... On the contrary it will be positive... and other things...
BUILD THAT WALL MR PRESIDENT!  THE BEST AND MOST TRUSTWORTHY PRESIDENT WE HAVE EVER HAD! WHEN YOU SAY YOUR GOING TO DO SOMETHING YOU ACTUALLY DO IT! I GIVE YOU SO MUCH CREDIT TO ACTUALLY HAVE TO FIGHT WITH OUR OWN GOVERNMENT TO KEEP OUR CITIZENS SAFE! THE DEMOCRATS ARE MORE WORRIED ABOUT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS GETTING TREATED BETTER THAN OUR OWN AMERICAN CITIZENS!  YOU DEMOCRATS MAKE US ALL SICK! AND FOR THE DEMOCRATS BACKING THE NEW GREEN DEAL! YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME!  WAKE UP THIS ISNT A FAIRY TALE YOU MORONS!
Because of the wall you might killer her and blame immigrants I think you have also forgot that your wore a immigrant in USA
Behind you 100 % illegal. immigrants need to come in the right way . Democrats need to wake up on this issue. And the drugs that are comming in.
Bet that immigrant came in through a legal port of entry you dumbshits.
Betsy Hammond:How much money do you think could be put towards these issues if not for the billions of dollars spent on illegal immigrants.
Build the wall!! I support President Trump. I want immigrants to come into our country legally after they have had sufficient background checks. I want a safer America for my children and grandchildren.
Build wall wall  sorry those people kill by immigrants. If open borders .believe me  Come Criminal. Kill drive with out license  been hate 3 times Immigrants  until my car small damage  Ignore Those . Democrat do job . Pray for  2020 victory again  hate jackpot winners lol.America it’s Amazing  🙏🙏🙏👍🇺🇸🇺🇸
But all who live in america are illegal immigrants except ppl who have indian roots 😉
But if that illegal immigrant wouldn't have been here...
Cal Phillips  soo..... u blaming immigrants for selling ur kid drugs that he bought with his money and his decision hmmm in that care i got 6 friends that are white and sell cocain heroin weed flaka acid xanax  and one of my friends is hispanic and died because of one of them how bout give the land you guys took stingy ass crackers
Carl Ostendarpnot asylum illegal immigrants lying to get asylum status deportation is the only solution
Cathy Rohrer-Mackenrodt  first illegal aliens not immigrants and 2nd even though this sounds crazy it's not illegal to be illegal in our country. It has always been they can only be deported if they commit a felony.
Chump you should show the crimes against immigrants there will be at least twice as many. You should be ashamed of yourself for politicizing tragic deaths to push your sick agenda.
Could it be one of the illegal immigrants working on Trump's properties???!!!... Bunch of fucking assholes#impeachthemotherfucker!#americasdumbestpresident!#fuckingmoron!
Create an executive order that all democrats have to tear down the walls around their homes and must accommodate illegal immigrants.
Crime rates are higher for Americans than for immigrants. Fix gun control.
Dave Callender How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?
Dave Callender years ago when I was a child my parents picked up an illegal immigrant he asked if they would be so kind to give him a ride and they did he repaid them by molesting their daughter my sister in the back seat I don't know about you but I don't know any American who would repay kindness behind their backs doing this to their child.
Democrats support 2 things: Obama and illegal immigrants who kill Americans. It’s who they are.
Deport all immigrants they are all trouble we can do without.
Did Don the Con tell you that this illegal immigrant entered the country thru a legal checkpoint?
Does anyone not think that the Democrats are corrupt and making money from groups that profit from the illegal immigrants and drug smuggling coming across the border?
Donald Trump You Will Make MANY People Much Safer When You Address WHITE MALE TERRORISTS IN THIS COUNTRY...Eye Personally Cant See The LIES Yout Telling About Mexican Immigrants But WHITE MEN Killing People Daily...Deal With That .
Don’t forget the Sheriff that was killed in California by an illegal immigrant which the Governor completely ignores.
Eva Graham How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?
Even I am a founder of Amerasians Without Borders organization but I support the BORDER WALL.  A BIG FAT YES for the WALL A BIG FAT NO for ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS
Every death of an American by an illegal immigrant is on the hands of the Democrats.  The truly sad part is that they don't care.
FACT: Immigrants commit crimes at a lower percentage than American citizens do. Stop spreading propaganda.
Fact: Those in the Trump administration commit crimes at a higher rate than illegal immigrants.
Great. Waste beelions on a wall that the illegal immigrant probably flew over.
He's a minute man. I am sure he killed a lot of immigrants. Or allowed them to cross over the border with out properly identifying the immigrants. So where's the justification in that?
He's so big on immigration reform yet he employs  so many illegal immigrants and married one then had her parents come over here think about
Here in carson city NV an Illegal Immigrant was going around murdering random people. He would get into a house and shoot them. The wall needs to be built!!
How did that Immigrant get into the country ?
How did these immigrants get here? Probably at a port of entry. El Paso's crime level has increased since a wall was put up.
How many deaths are attributed to illegal immigrants in the past calendar year? Now compare that to gun violence in this country by our OWN citizens? I’ll wait....
How many illegal immigrants committed mass murder or even murder as compared to home grown American men?  Let’s start by throwing you out!
How many immigrants desecrate American families by  committing these mass murders!
How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?
How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years? If you need tp let’s say 20 years? YOU ARE FUCKING MORONS FOR NOT KNOWING......FUCKING CRICKETS.....
How will you continue to blame immigrants for everything after the wall?
However the crime rate is lower by illegal immigrants than by legal citizens.
I  was  ın  usa  2006  and  went  to  a  ba r and  speak  some  mexıcans  tehy  tols  me  california  belongs  to  mexıcan  not  Americaan  they  said  we  hate  Americaans  and  şn  war  tehy  killed  us  and  all  my  frinds  used  to  delıver  pızza  and  they  gor  rapped  buy  black  whıte  puoetırco  guys  mexicans and  whıte  americans  and  beated  so  bad  woke  up  8  day  later  some not all imigrants bad some ok but americans treaht immigrants bad if you illegal nad shoud know U.S. has air base allmost evwry country and you have no choıse to say no?.....????
I WANT TO ASK EVERY LIBERAL DEMOCRAT A VERY SIMPLE QUESTION IF WE SPEND 8.8 BILLION DOLLARS ON A SECURE BORDER WALL AND IT PREVENTS YOUR DAUGHTER FROM GETTING RAPED AND MURDERED BY AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT WOULD IT BE WORTH IT SEARCH YOUR HEART PLEASE RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION  THANK YOU 8
I don't think he wants to memorialize the death of his daughter by the deaths of thousands of immigrants at the hands of CIA backed meddling south of the borders.  You only hear about the fear mongering about MS13...Trump forgets to tell you how the caravans started. He forgets to mention intel has it that when he invades Venezuela there will be more caravans.  Just like he promised you tax breaks but only gave it to the 1%.  He's right when he said the people are stupid enough to believe him.
I had my identity stolen by an illegal immigrant.   There are companies that help them and give them our social security numbers .   Gotta be a whole lot of them coming in if they actually have entire companies dedicated to helping them go undetected
I knew somebody who was killed by an illegal immigrant too. The murderer was from Canada!!! We need a wall for our northern borders too! Keep Canadians out! Build that Wall build that Wall build that Wall!
I live in Florida.  We are FLOODED  with illegal immigrants..its so bad .I got hit from behind  in my car .never had an accident  or ticket I been driving  since I was 16 now I am in my fifties..a illegal immigrant hit me from behind try to take off I chase him.and call the cops he had no license  or insurance..I had to claim the accident  to mine insurance company. They fix my car 4 months later I get a letter I being drop..this was Progressive Insurance Company..I was put in a hat a bozo company I never heard of pick me up I was considered a high risk..all because of an illegal immigrant
I think we are very naive if we  think this wall will stopp immigrants ! Use this money instead to help people in US that need help !
I'm just wondering.....do people live under rocks? How do you not see the damage illegal immigrants do?
I'm so sorry for your loss Mr Ferguson I cannot  imagine  losing my daughter. But  I Iost my cousin on September 11th at the world trade center by terrorists. It's just not Mexicans that are coming here illegally it's other illegals  aswell from other countries. We need the wall built it's a loophole for anyone that wants to come to our country we need all the Mexicans and illegal immigrants to go back to their own country and  if they want to come here they have to do it legally bottom line
I'm sure if a family member of theirs was raped or tortured or murdered they would be singing a different tune! They're only concern is for their own agenda! They do not care about the American people one iota! It sickens me that innocent lives are destroyed by the illegal actions of these illegal immigrants! I am so sorry to anyone who has been affected by this travesty of justice.
IF YOU KILLED AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT THE DEMS WOULD DEMONIZE U
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS ARE IN 4 WINDS CASINO I SEE THEM WHEN I GO THERE NON USE THERE PLAYER'S CARD  INSERT INTO SLOTS ...
If there were only ONE person killed by an illegal  immigrant; the (complete) security wall should be built!
Illegal ALIEN; not immigrant.
Illegal aliens people they are not  immigrants.
Illegal immigrant commit a crime: we need a wall kick all of them out White boys shooting up schools: He was a lonely boy he just needed a hug.😐😐😐
Illegal immigrant is a Russian that overstayed his visa
Illegal immigrant saved the life of two police officers in Houston pulling them out of a burning squad car.
Illegal immigrants are not trying to cross the border.  Migrants are.
Illegal immigrants coming here to destroy Americans & turn this country into a 3rd world country with the help and support of UN American Democrats !!
Illegal immigrants commit murder so do American citizens. #Donthecon
Illegal immigrants have been a problem for decades.  The National Parks Service and the Border Patrol have been focused on the issue for decades.  It's time to fix this long time problem.
Illegal immigrants have been killing people in Wales for hundreds of years.
Illegal immigrants killed millions of Native Americans.
Illegal immigrants murdered my only.child 8 months ago.So yeah I'm ready to.put them on a big boat back to Satan land and sink it half way there - the patriots handling the operations of the boats.
Illegal immigrants statistically commit far fewer crimes than Americans. We see through your bullshit scaremongering.
Immigrants can kill. So can any other human being within the country.
Immigrants can use ladders!
In Germany dies people about illegal immigrants too.
It seems to be your only priority.  Hate won’t bring them back. Guns in the hands of Americans kill more people than undocumented immigrants. That is our national emergency.
It's not just a few  illegal immigrants This is just the beginning of mass migrations. Orchestrated and paid for by globalist and their agenda to check the power of the one remaining bastion of a free and flourishing Nation the USA. One look at all the turmoil in Europe and the upheaval this type of invasion has and is causing over seas. Should be enough for any rational intelligent individual to realize what's coming . But many of Americans have lost rational and intelligence instead they have become so lazy that they allow the state to think for them just like planned .
It's very sad that you lost your child that's horrible. At one time your family were immigrants and needed to come to a better environment to have the necessities for life.
Its good to know that banning immigrants will stop drunk driving.   I guess MADD spent money for decades for nothing.
Jason Erhardt a lot of those crimes against immigrants are done by illegal aliens.  Build the wall and enforce our laws
Jo Sechi We must have a Wall  and we Must Stop illegal immigrants from killing    Us ..
Joseph Roy ...Kris Landers missing the whole point. Plain and simple..this person should not be in this country. What part of illegal does she not understand? End of the day this young ladies life is gone as a result of an illegal immigrants action. Nothing petty about that.
Just how many of us have been murdered by foreign invaders......... immigrants come in legally FOREIGN INVADERS come in illegally!
Just like 144 police officers killed last year 1 by a undocumented immigrant
Just wished that bone spurs would show some concern about shool kids and others who are killed by born citizens who have killed huge nos. In the last three years. But Orange man never says a word about them. He only points out an immigrant on matters of people killed.
Keep the illegal immigrants out!!
Kerri Siegler Stockin you live in the city with the most crime of anywhere in the country. None of them are immigrants there
Kevin Peevey 😂 no... that won't stop natural US citizens from drinking and driving and causing fatal accidents... it's only a news story because he was an illegal immigrant... if it was a white guy it would have been a completely normal occurrence 😄
LOOK!  A NON IMMIGRANT YOUNG GUY!  When do we start Profiling them???  JUST ACCEPT IT!   You and your followers are despicable RACISTS.Sacked man shoots five dead at US firmbbc.com
Laws against drunk driving are already in place and are enforced.  Immigration laws have become relaxed and people try to protect those who come here illegally.  Big difference in how the 2 are addressed.  Did my friend deserve to die when he was walking down the sidewalk and was struck by a female illegal immigrant and thrown 50 feet through the air and spending the next 2 weeks in the hospital before he died. The driver was sober and had no insurance and because of her status as an illegal the state's DA decided not to press charges she lives a happy life in Rockford illinois while an American family weeps.  So how will you defend something like this.  Even more so when the person that killed my friend had no legal right to even be in the country that my friend fought and served for.
Legend sayeth once the great wall is completed all innocent lives taken by illegal immigrants will be resurrected. -Abraham 36:24
Let them all come here because it is so many illegal immigrants here already and we can just move Americans to beautiful Mexico and take over there
Linda Durbin How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?
Lisa P. Woodruff  Illegal aliens not immigrants
Look at the stats on how many Americans were killed by guns. It's far higher than illegal immigrants but you won't touch gun control because they fund your campaign. It's always about the money with you.
Loony Bomar IF THAT IS YOUR REAL IMMIGRANT NAME YOUR A IGNORANT BASTARD THATS WHY TRUMP IS BUILDING THE WALL TO KEEP THE KILLERS OUT HE WANTS OUR COUNTRY SAFE AN DRUG FREE ONE DAY WHICH IN TIME WILL AN THE TRAFFICKING IT COULD BE YOU THAT GETS KILLED ONE DAY BY SOMEONE THAT DOESNT LIKE ILLEGALS
Lynn Limauro Floyd How many people have been murdered by Illegal immigrants VERSUS How many people have been murdered by white Americans let’s say in the last 10 years?
Maaaaaaan yall stupid if you think a wall ganna stop immigrants im laying here with 5 of my cousins who climed over it 🤣🤣 just 2 days ago
Many Black slaves were killed by White Plantation Owner for years. In America someone is killed every minute in America. There are much mass killings done by white guys than illegal immigrants. Please let's keep it Real.
Many more lives have been killed by American white males in mass shootings than by illegal immigrants. If you would have declared a national emergency on the gun violence we would stand with you because that is a true national emergency.
Maria Frett they've been over run by Muslims. The EU forced migration has ruined their country. They've been turned into a 3rd world country by immigrants forcing sharia law in their country. Same as they're trying to do here. President Trump has stopped it and refused to sign the UN Migration Pact which basically calls for no borders. He is saving our country from becoming like Europe. Look up the yellow vest protests going on in Europe and Canada.
Mentally ill Americans are committing mass shootings killing kids and adults alike.  Why is Trump not concerned about protecting them?  Far more Americans are killed by the mentally ill with assault rifles than illegal immigrants.  Do some research and see for yourself.
Mention one mass shooting or school shooting by an immigrant?  The problem here is trump that is dividing USA with his hate on immigrants
More Americans with guns kill Americans than immigrants your gun laws needs to be sorted first
Most of the illegal immigrants have overstayed their visa’s.   How about you start there Mr. President?
My husband and I were in a terrible reck in 2013.An illegal immigrant almost killed me and my husband. He was 17 didn’t have a license was driving someone else’s car. Was going 80 in a 30 miles zone. Before he hit us he passed a car with a family that had 3 little kids in the car. That could had very well killed them Thank god he didn’t and my husband had to be cut out of the car. He was drunk on top of that. Didn’t spend one night in jail. My husband was I c u for 14 days had too have emergency surgery on his neck and back. This is a man that has never had a broken bone in his body or stitches either. Until that night he still isn’t the same till this day. So yes I’m all for the wall 💯percent. We need a president like Trump he is the one that can get the job done.👍🏻👏👊🇺🇸
My mom was hit by an illegal immigrant and he tried to drive off. He pulled out in front of her and totaled her car. On another occasion my dad was hit by one going the wrong way and drunk on the highway. Totaled his car and hurt him pretty bad.
My sincere sympathy goes to the father who lost his daughter by an illegal immigrant and to the angel mom’s and dads. Our congress men and women need to hear them instead of ignoring them.
Not all immigrants are committing crime Mr Honourable President arrest criminals and let the children women and men get assistance or build them a city were there can work on the American system and economy
Not illegal immigrant. ILLEGAL ALIEN
Not true. 50 people dead so far this year from American citizens shooting each other up. We know what the real emergency is. Most violent crime is not perpetrated by illegal immigrants. Trump just loves to exploit these anecdotal stories when it does happen though.
Ok fucktard because ONLY illegal immigrants kill?!? What about all these Americans Killing Babies!!!
Okay why don't you do the same post for white kids killing each other due to your stupid gun laws. Oh because the NRA paid you and you don't want to admit the real threat is guns in the US. Actually look at statistics of crime who commits the crimes sorry but it ain't immigrants or illegals because you don't understand the situations that people come from or why they are illegal. For them its sorry you can't enter this country because the USA decided to destroy your country causing all government bodies and data they held about you to  be destroyed as well a lot of the people that would provide the proper paper work are dead or have fled. So after you risk your life escaping a war torn hell none of you will understand or have any sympathy because we fear everything especially if its different . sorry conservatives but apparently you are more fearful than less conservative minds. Don't worry there's not a illegal hiding in ya cupboard Obama put there. Don't forget Jesus was a refugee
Okay you got one illegal immigrant against 20 homegrown American terrorists how is the wall going on protect you
Once the wall is up let's see how many Americans are gonna get triggered when something bad happens and DON'T BLAME THE IMMIGRANTS CAUSE BORDERS IS CLOSED!!😡
One of sister's best friends was killed by an illegal immigrant.  There were 3 illegals in the car.  The driver never even slowed down at the stop sign on a side highway and was speeding.  He hit her while she was driving the speed limit of 65.  She was life watched but didn't survive long.  The 3 men weren't even injured.  They had no insurance and actually tried to hire an attorney to sue the husband of the woman he killed.  They got out of jail somehow and fled back to Mexico.  I always wonder how long it took them to cross back into the states and how many other crimes they've committed since then.
Patty Bertocchini La Puma that is one officer who would be alive if that illegal immigrant wasn't in this country to begin with
Patty Bertocchini La Puma you people just dont get it we dont want the illegal immigrants here period.  I dont care if they kill people or dont if they ride around on your democratic unicorns and spread love lol they dont belong here BUILD A GIANT WALL ha ha not sure why the Democrats are so against securing our boarders oh I know because then they'd have nobody to vote democratic ha ha not sure how you people are going to handle 6 more years of TRUMP
Paul Seldes and the Shooters was not Immigrants this was Trumpees the right Wing Idiots.
Renieri Ortiz Illegals aren't immigrants you absolute fool.
Renieri Ortiz immigrant does not mean illegal  !!!!
Renieri Ortiz there is a huge difference between a legal immigrant and an illegal immigrant.
Right cause illegal immigrants are the only ones who kill people drinking and driving.
Samuel Tan Yuan Han Most illegal immigrants overstay their visas.. How’s a wall gonna address that issue?
Shane Randle  so we will just ignore the fact that the immigrant is here illegally in the first place?  Build the damn wall.
So would it have been better if it was an American who killed her? I’m far more worried about a fellow American killing me than an illegal immigrant. Stop trying to highlight every murder by an illegal immigrant to push your agenda!
Sofiane Hamouda I got stitches when an illegal immigrant attacked me.  I'd report.  They can come in the right way
Sorry for your loss however government statistics show more people are killed by the general population than by undocumented immigrants
Sorry for your loss.  There are many of us who stand behind Trump and the wall.  We must stop the illegal immigrant invasion.
Sorry to hear... if the wall is already built and we have illegal immigrants inside of the country that is not the biggest problem because it is easy to find here inside the country and easy to deport...
Statistics show that both legal & illegal immigrants commit less crimes than native born Americans.
The Las Vegas mass killer was an illegal immigrant? The Sandy Hooks mass killer was an illegal immigrant? Crazy and mentally ill people are everywhere amongst us. And at the top of the US government but it doesn't justify the fake demand for that wall
The Parkland shooter was a native-born American the killer in the factory in Illinois was a native-born American not immigrants 8 billion dollars for wall is stupid when people in California have burned homes to the ground when people in Puerto Rico are struggling still America can help not only at home but across the pond Haiti Venezuela wake up Trump better yet get out
The guy who massacred FIVE people in Illinois yesterday was not an undocumented immigrant.
The problem is when the immigrant doesn't face any charges because they are here illegally.   My uncle was killed in aurora colorado. He was hit by an illegal alien who was driving drunk without a license. The courts commuted his ENTIRE sentence so that he could be deported. So he is probably in mexico drinking beers with his friends while my aunt and cousins have no father or husband.
The real threat is Americans. How many immigrants committed mass murders is United states? 0!
The vast majority of illegal immigrants that cross the southern border enter this country do so in cars through ports of entries how is the wall going to stop them?
The wall is pointless. They will still get through and trump is making it seem like immigrants are the main problem committing crimes etc when it's our own American people!
There is no such thing as an illegal immigrant!! They are either an immigrant  !!! Or illegal Allen!!!! An immigrant is someone that has papers work Visa or the American government is aware they are here.  An illegal is someone that jumped the border and is hiding breaking the law.
They are illegal aliens. Stop calling them immigrants
They are not immigrants if they are illegal. Please no more PC terms. Call them what they are. Illegal aliens. They are not immigrants.
This is a shame that we have lost any brother or family member! Politicians it will come to you some day more especially you corrupt shits that call yourself our representatives of the people!I call bullshit! When and if it does I do not want to hear one word of grief nor television media about it! Just live with it and move on because the Immigrants are not the problem! YOU POLITICIANS ARE THE WHOLE PROBLEM!  Build the damn wall Trump!
This is a tragic story but the fact remains that immigrants commit crimes at about half the rate of people born in this country. Trying to use a tragedy like this to score political points is tasteless and holding up this as a way to impugn all immigrants is disingenuous
This is tragic and I pray for the father & his family.  Spreading hate and fear that all illegal immigrants are dangerous is also disgusting though...
Those who kill on the previous massacres around the country are not illegal immigrants
Treating immigrants as ET!
Uh I'm sure 1000x more daughters are killed by legal citizens than are killed by illegal immigrants.
Until we support Americans I'm not worried about immigrants having more resources than me. The wall will save us $100 billion plus a year supporting immigrants on welfare. I'm good ⚒⚒⚒ #WallsFixEverything
Wall border wall we need to secured citizen safety. Let keep america safe and secure against illegal immigrant
Walls are not necessarily the best way to keep illegal immigrants out of the country
Want to get rid of illegal immigrants? Get rid of the magnets that bring them here. Get rid of welfare.
Was that an illegal immigrant that gunned down five coworkers and wounded five police the other day? The REAL emergency in the United States - gun violence.
We also should not give any illegal immigrant any kind of benefits or welfare I think this would turn away a lot of them from coming into the United States.
We are spending so much money on illegal immigrants that a wall may not be such a bad idea at first I was pretty much against it but all the drugs are killing g so many people not to mention these immigrants get everything for free using taxpayers dollars yes maybe the money should be spent to help drug addiction or homeless or vets maybe we should have stricter laws for immigrants coming into this country I don’t know if the wall will help but something has to give.  This country was built on immigrants only native Americans are Native American Indians but if u want to come to this country you should have to take the proper steps and come legally. My parents were legal immigrants and they never took any money from the government for help.  I’m hoping that Trump is right and wall will help I just pray for unity and peace in our country
We can’t go into Mexico or any other country without a visa we would be thrown out. The point is lawless people don’t give a dam about doing the right thing. They will continue to break the laws and to those opposing the wall when illegal immigrant commits a crime against your love one you might never get the reason for security. So how’s about not locking your homes door or car let’s see what happens to you.
We do not need the wall! If it’s drugs coming in your worried about? That’s our problem because that wouldn’t be a problem if Americans didn’t BUY the drugs. Illegal immigrants killing people? Yes it’s bad but Americans kill more Americans than illegals do. Why don’t we make it easier to become legal so that the people who are good people wanting a better life don’t have to wait 10-12 years to come in legally. Fix America and the other issues will be way easier to fix
We have had over 300 mass killings in this country since trump’s fake presidency and none have been at the hands of immigrants!
We need the wall but we need to staff our wall with our military men and woman. If they attempt to cross our boarder we have every right to eliminate that illegal immigrant to extent of power we need to use up to and including death
We need to get this damn wall built so we can keep these fucking illegals and immigrants out of our country they don't belong over here there's enough of them here as it is go take over ruin somebody else's country
We need to understand that illegal immigrants are mostly coming here for work and are hired and paid cash under the table.  Those are the criminals... I wish Trump would address that issue instead of just building a wall.
What a crock. Trump said himself he didn’t need to call a national emergency he just did it to attempt to sidestep congress.   Illegal immigrants are less likely to kill than native born Americans.  Drugs come in mainly through regular ports of entry. Illegal crossings are at an all time low. But hey who needs facts and rule of law when living in trumps Orwellian universe full of alternative facts.
What about all the school shootings by Americans? Those just don’t matter? One problem by an illegal immigrant and that’s your excuse?? A lot of worse things happen and they’re not caused by the people you’re blaming. You’re doing more damage to the country. Money doesn’t make you any smarter..
What about melina trump she is also immigrant
What about people who was saved by illegal immigrants. If you decided build the wall believing that you will be safe after this. You are wrong. Yes you have to do something with illegal immigrants but not with this way. Way with hating them. Sorry for my English. And I'm not illegal immigrant 😒
What about school shooting? Those are immigrants as well?
What about the 5 people that just died because of an active shooter who was not an immigrant? You asshole.
What about the “illegal immigrant” that shot all those people yesterday and ... oh ... this is awkward.  Fun fact: you are far more likely to be murdered by a Trump supporter than by an undocumented immigrant.
What if we make being an illegal immigrant a capital offence? You have 30 days to buy a ticket and go home.
While living in Chandler AZ...I was viciously raped by an illegal immigrant @ knifepoint in my own house after he broke in.😢
White male american terrorists kill more Americans than immigrants ever have. But there’re Trumps buddies. No problem there.
Who are the legal immigrants who are in jail in the USA???
Who's going to build a wall to protect all these innocent kids who are being killed at schools or a wall to protect all the innocent people at there work place or a wall to protect all the innocent people who goes to the movies or nite clubs? Because it WASNT AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT who killed them!! IT WAS A LEGAL US AMERICAN who killed them innocent lives!!
Why isn't it a state of emergency that our children are dying by angry Americans in our schools daily??? The rate of homicides by immigrants is minuscule and they contribute far more to our economy than Trump will ever admit (despite documentation he tried to suppress from his administration proving so).
With all due respect...this could have been done by any us citizen.  Not just a  immigrant.      This happens all the time in the US by us citizens.   Alchoholism is a  horrid disease.    Guns kill at much higher rates  as Americans purposely murder at much higher rates.
Would LOVE to see the statistics of how many people died from mass shootings versus being murdered by illegal immigrants.
Would it only be illegal immigrants that would ransack his house? because no Americans would ever commit a crime 🙄 moron
YES BUILD THE WALL NO MORE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS
Yet thousands of times more americans killed by home grown terrorists and donnie does nothing... blame the immigrants but the statistics do not support.
You .... are a country made of immigrants .... 🤦🏻‍♂️
You can not blame EVERY illegal immigrant for your loss...NO WALL
You fucking gringos shoot up schools and ya worried about one bad immigrant shut up
You people need to believe the experts and not lying Trump.    A Border Wall isn't the answer. Most illegal immigrants overstayed their VISAS or entered through legal points of entry.
You want to blame immigrants 🤔💭  🚨Rally me this 🚨 what if trumps grandfather 👴 were the immigrant who killed his daughter   Is that the solution for an unnecessary wall❓❓❓  We have more shootings of backyard corn bread 🥖 American’s killing more than any other race in the United States 🇺🇸   🚨The statistics are proof🚨  You can’t blame one immigrant When last year alone you have 50-1  50-Americans  1- immigrant  Responsible for the murders of innocent people ‼️  🚨We have a Gun problem 🚨 Not an immigrant issue ‼️🤨☝🏼
bro bro ok y’all targeting immigrants but if a white man did it trump nevaa would’ve posted this like damn are yhu guys this blind??? Wendi DelValle And yea Srry he got shot but If a white man shot him yhu wouldn’t have pointed out that he was white T or F ???issa rhetorical questions Thassa fact sis ion care what nunna y’all say he’s notta good president or mothafuckin person and also I just noticed yhu said “illegal immigrant” uhm ma’am if he’s an immigrant he’s illegall 😆 all yah bitches supporting him gon realize one day
comments with slurs: 
for every person killed by a illegal immigrant then a pollies or their family member forfeit their life
immigrant: 348
immigrants: 577
its irrelevant whether the murderer was an illegal immigrant or not..
my heart go out to you but how did the Illegal immigrants get in the country I bet it was at the point of entrance
now idiots finally get illegal immigrants bravo you finally used your brain good job you won the special medal badge award.
people in united kingdom just  giving up on British government to do their jobs they care more about   approval ratings and deporting illegal immigrant isn't on the list.
there are americans being KILLED by AMERICANS . worry about these foolish ass american before the immigrants please .
total: 925
what about all the mass shootings you have in America? Pretty sure that’s not related to immigrants!!
🇺🇸🇺🇸 Americans safety 1st! 🇺🇸🇺🇸  Condolences to this family and all the families that have lost a loved one due to heinous actions of illegal immigrants....🙏🏻
